SG1: Interweaved
By The Kat Goddess - gategirlnihon@yahoo.com


                         *******************

INCLUDES: Chaos Theory
          Catalyst
          Capacitor

                         *******************


Chaos Theory
By The Kat Goddess - gategirlnihon@yahoo.com 


RATING: FR-T

WARNINGS: There is strong language, however, violence is down to the 
minimum of firefights. 

CATEGORY: Action/Adventure, Drama, Romance 

PAIRING: Daniel/Other, Sam/Jack 

SPOILERS: Lost City 

TIME FRAME: Season 7.  This first fic takes place right before Season 
Seven's finale Lost City, and subsequent sequels all take place at 
different points in Season Eight. I'm experimenting with the idea of 
weaving the stories throughout the season, so I encourage you to bear 
with me.

SUMMARY: Anthropologist and Linguist Jade Andros is transferred to SG-1 
to help Daniel translate a tablet with gate coordinates to a new planet. 
When Jade and SG-1 go to investigate, they accidentally unleash an 
imprisoned Goa'uld. 

DISCLAIMER: "Stargate SG-1" and its characters are the property of 
MGM/UA, Double Secret Productions, Gekko Film Corp., Showtime/Viacom and 
USA Networks, Inc. This story is for entertainment purposes only and no 
money has exchanged hands. No copyright infringement is intended. The 
original characters, situations and story are the property of the 
author(s), and may not be republished or archived elsewhere without the 
author's permission.


                         *******************

"Daniel..." 

Dr. Daniel Jackson looked up from the large stone slabs on his table in 
his lab, running a hand through his short, light brown hair and trying to 
shake himself from his work. 

Colonel Jack O'Neill, back on duty after his short hiatus following his 
injury on P3X-666, stood in his tight, black T-shirt and green uniform 
pants. "So..." Jack began, his arms crossed over his chest as he leaned 
on the doorframe. "What are they?" 

Daniel put down hsi pencil and tape recorder and he gave Jack one of his 
typical "I've got something to say, but I'll be damned if I know how to 
say it" looks. As he stood, Major Samantha Carter was entering, walking 
over to the other side of his doorframe, her short, blonde hair slightly 
erratic like always. 

"Well, ah," Daniel paused for a moment and subconsciously scratched the 
back of his arm. "They're definitely gate coordinates." He finished, 
acting as if he had just announced some great revelation to the two. 

There was a pause between them as both Sam and Jack turned to look at 
each other, both somewhat confused. After exchanging a few more glances, 
Sam was the one to turn to Daniel, her brow furrowed as she cocked her 
head slightly. 

"Daniel... what else does it say?" Sam asked, trying to get more out of 
them. This could have been amusing, if it had not been only weeks after 
Dr. Frasier's death- Daniel shuddered and pushed the thought away. 

"*Daniel*." Jack urged, looking at the scientist as he drifted off. 

"Well, um, ah -" Daniel took off his glasses, rubbing his eyes. "That's 
the problem. They're in Chinese." 

"Japanese, actually." A cool voice piped in. 

The three humans of SG-1 turned to the door, Daniel putting back on his 
glasses as they all looked at the figure in the doorway. The new voice 
was held by a young woman, probably about Sam's age, her long, chestnut 
hair framing her face, piercing blue eyes locked on the slabs near 
Daniel. 

"Woah, wait, what - " Jack tried to protest at the woman in fatigues 
before them, but he was blown off as she walked right by him and eagerly 
looked to the slab. 

"Katakana, now that I'm looking at it." She assessed, reaching her hand 
into her pocket, pulling out a black tape recorder similar to Daniel's. 
"Definitely katakana. Looks about... Sixth century - " 

"Seventh century," Daniel piped up, his hand on his chin as his 
scientific curiosity got the better of him, warranting a glare from Jack. 

"Oh, now, I see. Dr. Jackson's right. The calligraphy in this phrase 
would suggest Seventh century." The woman continued to talk into the 
recorder as Jack continued watching, steadily growing more impatient. 
"Tsurana- Gake? Who uses gake anymore?" 

"All right! That's it! Who the *Hell* are you?" 

"Gyo mokuroku zen sai - " The woman stopped in her musing, and she stood 
up straight, tucking a lock of hair behind her ear as she turned to face 
them. "You... you don't know who I am?" 

Jack looked at her expectantly, giving a quick shake of his head. "No. 
No, we don't." 

"I guess General Hammond didn't tell you yet." Jack simply rose an 
eyebrow, and the woman winced, shutting off her recorder with a click. 
"Dr. Jade Andros, Eastern Linguist and Anthropologist, SG-11. Er," The 
newly identified Jade faltered and bit her lip. "I *was* on SG-11, but 
now I'm on SG-1, as you can tell." 

"Wait, you're on SG-1?" Sam struggled to understand what the woman was 
telling them. 

"And *why* the Hell did Hammond put you with us?" Jack demanded, annoyed 
at the fact that he had not been informed first. 

"Hang on. You said you were a linguist?" Daniel inquired as he tapped 
Jade on the shoulder for attention. "What languages have you studied?" 

"I can fluently read and write Japanese, Mandarin Chinese, Mongolian, 
Korean, Russian, Indonesian and Polynesian dialects, as well as some 
Aboriginal." 

If it had been possible, Jack's eyes probably would have fallen out right 
there. Sam certainly looked fascinated, but also a little shocked at the 
new addition to their team. And Daniel? Daniel was simply astounded. 

"O'Neill." 

The simple, deep voice of Teal'C interrupted the silence of the shocked 
SG-1. 

Jack finally turned to Teal'C, his eyebrow still raised. "Yeah?" 

"General Hammond wishes to see us." 

Jack nodded and motioned for Sam to follow Teal'C. "You - " Jack said as 
he turned and pointed to Jade. "Stay here." Jack began to walk out, but 
he stopped and turned back to her. "And... don't touch anything." 

Jack finally left and Daniel watched for a moment before beginning to 
walk out. He turned to Jade slyly. 

"You *could* translate those, though." 

"Daniel!" Jack snapped from the hall. 

"I'm coming!" Daniel replied, turning and leaving. 

Jade was alone in the room now, and she sighed, walking back to the 
slabs. Her eyes rested on the small camcorder on the desk, and she felt a 
pang of guilt well up in her. 

*"Sir! I thought SG-1 said there were six J'affa!" Jade screamed as she 
fired on another nearing one. 

"I know! Obviously, something's wrong, Doctor!" 

"Help!! Doctor Frasier's been hit!! I need a medic!!" 

Jade whirled as she heard the panicked voice, and she managed to make out 
the well-known figure of Dr. Jackson in the woods. 

"Sir! Dr. Jackson - " 

"Andros, hold the line while I help Jackson!" 

"Are you crazy? I'm a linguist, I don't know how to -" 

"Just do it!" * 

Jade snapped her hand up, and she shook her head, turning to focus on the 
slabs. 

                         *******************

"Have a seat." Hammond simply said as the Colonel and the others entered 
the briefing room, taking their respective seats. 

"You wanted to see us?" Jack inquired as he looked to Hammond, his mind 
still on the nut who was in Daniel's lab. 

"Yes. How's the work on those tablets Dr. Jackson found coming?" 

"Well, ah-" Daniel started hopefully. 

"Fine, sir." Jack said simply, cutting Daniel off. "Just fine." 

"Really?" Hammond said, his thick Southern drawl making him sound as 
disbelieving as he looked. 

"Um, no, General." Daniel said, wincing and leaning forward. "It's 
Eastern... Japanese," Daniel cast a glance to Sam, seeing a faint smile 
play upon her lips. "I - I can't read it. I don't remember it." 

"Mmhm. I see. Well, you're in luck. I'm transferring a new linguist to 
SG-1 for the remainder of this mission. Her name is Dr. Jade Andros, she 
was on SG-11." Hammond looked over to Jack to see that he was trying 
desperately not to look disturbed. "Something wrong, Colonel?" 

"No, sir." 

"Good. Anyway, she's to be an addition to SG-1 when you've translated the 
slabs. Dismissed." 

                         *******************

Daniel took a deep breath as he turned into his lab, his vision 
immediately focused on a firm backside facing him. He blinked, and cocked 
his head slightly as he didn't even realize that he was staring. 

"I think I'm getting closer...." Jade said, and it snapped Daniel out of 
his reverie. He looked up and cleared his throat, adjusting his glasses. 

"Really?" 

Jade looked up and she turned to face Daniel, smiling. "Oh, Dr. Jackson. 
Sorry, I was, um," She held her recorder up, blushing and smiling shyly. 
"Talking to myself." 

"I-It's okay. I do the same thing." 

"Yeah..." She sighed simply, a few moments of silence passing over them. 
Eventually, it seemed that both of them got sick of their silence, and 
they both looked up at the same time. 

"So..." They both said, Jade quickly putting her hand to her forehead, 
sighing. 

"Oh, God. I really don't want to do this kind of thing. You first..." She 
chuckled. 

"No, after you." Daniel said, motioning for her to speak. 

"Okay... I just wanted to know how the meeting with General Hammond 
went." 

"Oh, it was short. He just told us a bit about you." With that short 
explanation, Daniel tucked his hands into his pockets and leaned over 
some, looking at the slabs. "How's the translating going?" 

"Oh! Well, I've managed to figure out the dialect and get it into modern. 
Now, I just have to finish translating it into English." 

"Wow... good job." Daniel assessed, unable to really think of what else 
he could say. 

Jade chuckled, and she turned back to the slabs, grabbing a pencil and 
paper. "Thank you for that stunning and detailed analysis, Dr. Jackson." 
She coolly commented without missing a beat, beginning to rewind her tape 
to go back to her fluent Japanese. 

After listening to her recorded voice coolly recite Japanese for a few 
minutes, Daniel looked around absently, and he sighed, reluctantly, and 
began to back out of the room. 

"Dr. Jackson?" 

Daniel stopped as Jade stood to look at him, and he rose his eyebrows, 
curious. "Yeah?' 

"Um... I just wanted to say..." Jade bit her lip, and looked to the 
floor. "Um... thanks for letting me work on this. I've wanted to be on 
SG-1 for a while... I know it's not permanent, but... thanks for not 
being uncooperative." 

Not quite sure of the meaning, Daniel smiled and shrugged, backing away. 

"No... problem." 

                         *******************

A few hours later, Sam had gone to Daniel's lab, expecting to see him 
possibly chatting with the new linguist. This Dr. Andros concerned her 
actually...she knew nothing about her, other than the fact that she had 
been on SG-7, one of the few archeological teams. Her expertise was 
valued... but did it merit a full transfer to SG-1? Sam sighed, shaking 
her head, and she turned into the lab, stopping long enough to knock on 
the door. 

"Hey, Daniel, how-" She stopped when she looked over to Daniel's desk, 
finding that Dr. Andros was nearly asleep on Daniel's desk, her hand 
still moving. 

"The... last... coordinate..." She murmured to herself as her Japanese 
tape continued to roll. 

"Doctor?" Sam said firmly, walking into the room and watching as Dr. 
Andros jumped, dropping her pencil. 

"Major Carter!" She gasped as she looked up, standing. "Sorry, I was-" 

"About to fall asleep?" Sam countered, folding her arms over her chest. 

"I'm afraid so..." Dr. Andros replied with a faint smirk, shrugging and 
looking over to her tablets. "I'm at the last coordinate... in fact... I 
wrote it..." Jade looked down to her notes, and she held them up for Sam 
to see. "See, Major Carter? I've got the coordinates." 

Sam paused a moment, and then finally took the notes from Jade, looking 
them over. "You... you do." She nodded to herself, and then took a step 
closer to Jade, patting her on the shoulder. "Good job, Andros. I'll take 
this to General Hammond." 

                         *******************

"Chevron 7, locked." 

The team of SG-1, including their new addition, stood in the control 
room, all of them watching as with a rush of light, the Stargate created 
its signature and elusive sideways fountain of water, finally resting as 
a pool contained in the ring. 

"Receiving MALP telemetry." Someone said from the controls, causing Jade 
to look up from her pondering. Within moments, the computer screens 
showed static, and she turned a stray gaze to Colonel O'Neill and the 
others to see their reactions. Seeing that O'Neill was stony and 
attentive and that Daniel seemed fascinated, she turned to look at the 
screen, her eyes widening. 

The MALP was showing a formation of what looked like an old Shinto 
temple, and Jade nearly took a step closer, stopping only when she 
realized how informal it would be. 

"Oxygen, nitrogen, hydrogen. The planet is habitable." Carter said as she 
looked at the display before her. 

"Good." General Hammond said, nodding and turning to look to SG-1. 
"Report to the Briefing Room at 1400." 

                         *******************

Jack turned to look over to Dr. Andros, trying to make sure that she was 
still there and not off wandering around the Stargate. Sure enough, she 
stood there in the Gate room, silently checking her palm pilot and 
adjusting the camouflage cap on her head. Sam was checking her P-7, 
probably also running mission objectives in her head, and Teal'C was 
standing there, well... being Teal'C. Upon further investigation, Jack 
realized that he couldn't immediately see where Daniel was, and he 
turned, furrowing his brow. 

Daniel was leaning on the wall, looking over some of Jade's notes, his 
expression exceptionally curious. After having realized that there was a 
repository of knowledge on an Ancient world that they would be visiting 
once this mission was over, Jack didn't think that Daniel would ever be 
curious again. 

The sounds of the Stargate locking onto the symbols made everyone look 
up, and Daniel rushed over towards Jack and Teal'C, folding the notes up 
and putting them in his big, black journal. As the last symbols locked, 
Jack slipped on his shades as the Stargate "flushed sideways," and Dr. 
Andros involuntarily flinched. 

"Good luck, SG-1." General Hammond's voice echoed throughout the room as 
Jack, Sam and Teal'C all readied their weapons, and they began to march 
towards the Stargate. The orders of investigation of the temples and 
retrieval of data echoed in Jade's ears as she followed Daniel, and they 
were through. 

                         *******************

Jade could never get over the rush of wind and sound that accompanied one 
after exiting the Stargate's dizzying journey, and she finally exhaled, 
being last to come through as the Stargate shut off behind her. 

"Okay, Andros... let's go." 

She turned at Colonel O'Neill's order, and she nodded, hustling over 
towards SG-1. 

They were in the middle of a large, wooded clearing, three suns in the 
process of setting. Jade cursed silently, and she reached a hand in her 
pocket ot pull out her palm pilot, putting on its internal light. Once it 
was dar, she'd be working by flashlight and PDA. 

Jack waited until the whole group was together, and he signaled them to 
walk, the team traversing to the same temple structure that had been seen 
through the MALP. Once they had reached the structure, Jack signalled 
again, this time for Teal'C and Sam to stay on guard, and Jade shot him a 
glance, wondering if she could investigate. For moment, Jack didn't 
notice her, and then he looked over to her. 

"Well, get going! Investigate! What are you waiting for, an engraved 
invitation?" 

Jade simply jumped and nodded, turning and beginning to make her way to 
the large temple, a set of characters on the front of the door. She 
looked down to her palm pilot, and began to tap it as she mentally 
translated the Hiiragana before her. Jade could hear footsteps behind 
her, and she quickly flicked her eyes over to see Daniel looking up at 
the temple. 

"Dr. Jackson..." Jade said quietly, still concentrating on recording all 
the text in front of her, which so far had simply equated to a warning. 
"You've studied over twenty languages... you even read Mandarin on a 
planet where you encountered an Ancient." She stopped recording, and she 
stepped up to the door, pressing indicated characters on a small keypad 
for the door. "Why was I transferred if you should know all this?" 

"Well, um... that's the thing." Daniel took a step closer, shrugging as 
he watched her work. "That was much closer to modern, and even then I was 
having a hard time with it. I'm much better with Egyptian or something 
closer to the Cradle." 

"No interest in the Far East?" Jade asked, turning and arching her 
eyebrow before opening the large door before her. She shrugged and 
smiled, turning back to the dark room and pulling out a flashlight. "To 
each his own." She took astep in, and Daniel, in his insatiable 
curiosity, follow as she swung the beam of the flashlight across the 
room, alighting on a seemingly archive of written tomes on the circular 
walls. "Jackpot..." 

                         *******************

"Wow..." Jade whispered as she searched the top of the wall, reading 
downward. "This is amazing... the dialect is ancient... but it's so 
old... it actually translates easily from modern." She swung the 
flashlight again, slowly arching it down the darkened walls, and she 
finally flashed it towards Daniel, who shirked away from the light and 
put his hands to his eyes. 

"Hey!" 

"Ha! Got you!" Jade chuckled, happy as a schoolgirl, and she walked back 
to the entrance, poking her head out to look at Jack. "Colonel O'Neill! 
There is *a lot* here. This might take a while." 

"Great..." Jack said, smiling insincerely and feigning enthusiasm. Once 
Jade had popped back into the temple, he shifted his P-7 in his hands, 
and he turned to look at Carter. "Great..." He sighed, completely 
unthrilled. 

Jade turned back to the walls, and once again, she took out her 
internally-lit PDA, beginning to record on it as she held the small 
flashlight in her mouth. 

"Do- um... do you want help?" Daniel asked, gently plucking the 
flashlight out of Jade's mouth and holding up for her. 

"Sorry, Dr. Jackson... you could ask anyone else I've worked with... I 
get very..."' 

"Absorbed in your work." Daniel finished as Jade continued to jot things 
down. "I know. I'm the same way." 

Jade smiled and looked at her notes again, her smiling slowly fading as 
she continued to work. Daniel, who was now standing at her shoulder and 
holding the flashlight, looked over to her, seeing her concerned look. 

"What is it?" 

"What I've translated... it talks about this place being the "land where 
dead legends walk and living myths die..." and it's also talking about- 
this is odd." Jade looked up from her notes, and she took the flashlight 
from Daniel, darting the light from spot to spot, character to character 
on different walls. "Dr. Jackson, these are all talking about Suzano-oo, 
the Shinto god of Chaos. It's thought that Shinto was developed through 
cult worship-" 

"That the gods themselves were no more than tribal leaders. Yeah, I've 
heard it." 

"Well, apparently, it seems that everyone's wrong, Doctor." Jade said, 
turning to look at him. "It seems that these ruins... are Suzano-oo's 
tomb." 

Daniel stared at Jade, his mind putting the pieces together. That could 
mean a lot... the tomb of a dead god... that almost definitely meant the 
Asgard knew about this... or that the System Lords did. 

Suddenly, just as Daniel was about to reply, Jade turned and began to 
walk back towards the entrance. 

"Colonel O'Neill!" She cried, almost to the entrance. "We've found 
somethi-" 

Several things happened at once. 

The sounds of energy staff blasts filled the sizzling air from outside, 
the sound of O'Neill yelling for Daniel and Jade to stay in the temple, 
and a scream from Carter all seemed to fill Jade's senses. But, that 
wasn't all. The door to the temple seemed to slam shut in Jade's face, 
and she yelped, jumping back as she and Daniel were encased in near 
darkness, save for the flashlight and PDA in Jade's hand. 

"Dr. Jackson..." Jade whispered after a moment's near silence, save for 
the shouting and firing outside. "What's just happened?" 

                         *******************

About twenty seconds before Jade had yelled to the Colonel, Jack had 
noticed something in the distance before him. He rose his P-90, sighting 
the small speck in the woods, and his eyes widened as he watched a small 
golden glow nearing him. 

"J'AFFA!" Jack shouted, jumping out of the way and firing at the J'affa 
as the energy staff's blast went whizzing by Jack's head. 

He heard Carter scream, and he rolled onto the ground, turning to watch 
as Carter took an energy blast in her side. 

"NO! Carter!" Jack shouted again, letting a round of bullets riddle the 
J'affa's body. He heard the sound of more blasts, and he watched as 
Teal'C's staff launched blast upon blast towards the J'affa. 

"O'Neill!" Teal'C shouted as he rushed to the fallen Carter, checking her 
pulse. "Major Carter is injured! We must abandon our position!" 

"I'm not leaving Daniel and the Doctor!" Jack shouted back as he took 
cover behind a tree. 

"O'Neill, we will be of no use to Doctor Jackson and Doctor Andros if we 
are dead!" Teal'C hoisted Carter up with one arm, and he held her in both 
arms, looking over to a series of caves near the ruins. "O'Neill!" He 
called again, Jack turning to look at where Teal'C was watching. 

Jack nodded, and he turned, firing another round at the now six J'affa 
nearing them. "GO! Get her in there!" 

Teal'C nodded, and he glanced behind him, then beginning to run to the 
caves. As energy blasts impacted into the ground near him, Teal'C finally 
reached across the length of wet grass to the caves. Once inside, Teal'C 
laid Carter down on the stony cave floor, checking her pulse again. 
Erratic. He turned to look at Jack, and watched as Jack sprinted as fast 
as he could to the caves. 

Eventually, he dove inside, just as a blast impacted the roof of the 
cave, and Jack rolled into the cave near Teal'C, covering his head as 
rubble pounded into the ground just behind him. 

                         *******************

"Can you see anything?" Daniel asked as he continued to run his fingers 
along the walls, trying to find some sort of crack to help them escape. 

"No... well, yes, maybe..." Jade sighed, her finger running down the 
characters as she read it. "I'm sure there's got to be some way to open 
the doors... but, I can't find it." 

"Maybe there isn't a way to open it from the inside." Daniel crouched 
down, searching the floor, one finger pushing up his glasses. "A booby 
trap, perhaps? It might only be able to be opened from the outside." 

"We'd better hope not..." Jade sighed, turning to face Daniel. "Besides, 
why would anyone go through so much trouble to booby trap for some dead 
guy?" 

Daniel, through the dark, paused and slanted his gaze to glance at her, 
mulling over what she said, stopping in his examining of the floor to 
think. She had a valid point... what purpose would be served by trapping 
someone in the ruins of a tomb? He opened his mouth to offer explanation, 
but as he turned, he watched as Jade's lips parted, and a small "Oh" 
escaped them. 

"What is it?" Daniel asked, standing and inching his way over to her. 

"If that makes sense... than... I think the way out is..." Jade turned 
and walked back to where Daniel had been standing, her hand sliding to a 
piece of the scroll. With a wince that was seasoned of a scientist forced 
to do the unthinkable, she grabbed the scroll and ripped it off, 
revealing a second keypad, covered in katakana. 

"Um..." Daniel pursed his lips, shrugging and crossing his muscled arms 
over his chest. 

"Huzzah..." Jade said under her breath, grabbing her PDA and checking it. 

"What is it with you and that thing?" Daniel asked before he could stop 
himself. "Isn't it harder to record?" 

"Not necessarily." She replied smoothly as she ventured to access her 
translation of the walls. "Recording is a little slow, but I'm used to 
the mini-keyboard. Besides, it's much easier than carrying around a big, 
black book." Jade seemed to realize what she had said, and she turned to 
look at Daniel, and he almost thought she blushed, the darkness making 
confirmation impossible. "Not that there's anything wrong with that, Dr. 
Jackson. I mean, whatever you want." 

Daniel wasn't sure if she had meant it as an insult or not, so he simply 
shrugged. 

A few seconds of uncomfortable silence passed, and slowly, Jade turned 
back to her work, beginning to press her finger down on the ancient keys, 
slowly one by one. 

"Y'know..." Daniel said softly as Jade worked, his gaze on her curiously. 
"I know you don't know me very well, but..." Daniel's gaze fell to the 
floor, and he shrugged, leaning against the wall. "You don't have to call 
me Dr. Jackson. Daniel works..." 

Jade turned, smiling as a slight rumble resounded and the wall where the 
keypad had been begun to slide up. 

"In that case... I insist that you call me Jade. I, unlike you, am a 
nobody. You, unlike me, are a huge somebody. I only call you Dr. Jackson 
out of respect." With that, Jade turned to look at the new passage 
hopefully leading back out. "Let's go." She said, putting away her PDA 
and beginning to climb through the new doorway. 

                         *******************

"O'Neill, are you injured?" Teal'C asked as he helped Jack up, the cave 
blanketed in near darkness. 

"I'm fine." Jack replied tersely, picking himself up off the ground and 
brushing himself off. "Carter?" 

"She is still unconscious." Teal'C responded, his staff on the ground 
near him as he checked Sam's condition. 

Jack switched on a flashlight, placing it near the rock-covered mouth of 
the cave and then turning to look at Sam. "Shit..." He whispered as he 
looked over to Sam. He scrambled over, and he ran his hand down her 
fatigues to the blast. He ripped open her uniform to look at her side, 
and he winced as he saw a wound in her skin. But... it wasn't fatal. At 
least, it wouldn't be if they could get back to SGC soon. 

"Her injury does not seem fatal." Teal'C assessed, speaking Jack's 
thoughts. "In that case, I suggest you and I try to find a way out." 

Jack sighed, taking off his cap and then nodding. "Right. Let's look 
around." 

                         *******************

Jade slipped out of the crawlspace she and Daniel had traveled through, 
and she heard a resounding "fwump" as her boots hit dust-coated concrete. 
Daniel exiting behind her, Jade looked around the room they had just 
entered and she stared in awe as lights dimly began to flicker on and off 
above them. 

"Woah..." Jade whispered, looking up and down the room, realizing that 
they seemed to be in a huge hall. 

"Catacombs..." Daniel murmured, looking over to the walls. "Roman 
catacombs..." 

"Is it just me..." Jade began as she walked down the hall a few yards, 
looking around. "Or did we just get into something else we weren't ready 
for?" 

No sooner than Daniel had turned to look at her, a manacle-like arm shot 
out, grabbing Jade by the wrist and yanking her to the far wall. "JADE!!" 

She cried out, feeling braces lock her to the wall, and Jade felt her 
other wrist be pinned to it as well. 

"Dr. Jackson!" She yelped, her eyes wide with fear as Daniel tried to run 
to her, drawing a simple .9-millimeter. "Dani-" Jade suddenly stopped, 
feeling something sharp jab into the back of her neck. For a moment, she 
wasn't sure what had happened, and she still tried to talk. But, it 
seemed that she'd gone numb, and her bright blue eyes slowly started to 
fade as her entire body began to relax. She could slowly feel her eyelids 
falling, but she could still see Daniel shouting her name, shooting his 
gun at the braces and watching the bullets ricochet... 

                         *******************

"The structure appears to be approximately 500 yards deep." Teal'C said 
as he rejoined Jack and the fallen Sam at the mouth of the cave. "I do 
not believe that there is another exit. We are trapped." 

"No..." Jack sighed, shaking his head and standing. "No, we'll get out. 
We can blast the cave." 

"But, not without alerting the J'affa." 

"J'affa we can take." Jack said simply, standing and taking his P-90 off, 
dropping it to the ground. "We just have to wait..." 

                         *******************

It was dark. Except for one, faint pinprick of light. 

Jade didn't remember what had happened; only going numb. 

Like a sick clich, she was floating in darkness, the lack of sound making 
her feel uneasy. There was then a flash, and she was staring out... into 
nothing. Suddenly, she felt a weight upon her shoulders, and she looked 
down, her naked body clothed in a necklace of glowing jewels. 

"My daughter, you shall be the guard of Takamagahara, where your mother 
Izanami is waiting." The voice was distinctly that of a Goa'uld, and she 
felt the ground suddenly before her. She fell to the ground onto her 
knees, seeing that she was now clothed in a kimono-like bodysuit, the 
typical Goa'uld hand weapon on her left hand. She was now in a field, and 
the rings typical of a transport flew up back into the sky. She turned, 
confused, and she watched as a samurai, complete with mask, walked up 
towards her from the hill. 

"Amaterasu, how do you like this primitive culture? They are..." The 
samurai turned to meet her, putting his hands on her shoulders. 
"Impressionable." 

She turned, not by her own free will, and she grabbed the mask of the 
samurai, pulling it off of his face. 

                         *******************

Daniel winced, and he finally put down the empty gun in his hands. For 
ten minutes, he had been trying to free Jade, who was still prostrate on 
the wall, her face contorted in pain. 

"C'mon, Doctor Andros, snap out of it." Daniel whispered, and then cursed 
silently, running his hands through hair. "No, talking to her won't stop 
it. You're the one who can do something." 

Daniel looked back at the wall, and he noticed the tentacle that had 
grabbed Jade ran up the wall and to the ceiling. 

"Oh... now why didn't I notice that earlier?" Daniel murmured, backing up 
as he followed the tentacle along the ceiling. On and on he walked, 
across the catacomb, following the string of ancient characters that he 
knew should have been native to him but wasn't, until he bumped into the 
wall, and he stopped, his gaze still upward. 

That was when he felt it, a sharp prick on his neck that made him go 
numb. "Uh-oh..." He whispered, slumping to his knees and then nearly 
passing out. He felt his body go cold, and then warm again, and the 
fogginess in his mind began to leave again. "Woah..." 

                         *******************

//Daniel?//

"Susano-oo," Her voice said, even though inside she knew the face as 
Daniel's and she knew that her voice was that of a Goa'uld. "Your common 
fascination with the mortals disgusts me." 

"But, dear sister," Daniel/Susano-oo ran his hands down her shoulders, 
taking the fabric covering them with him. He dragged his lips down her 
neck and shoulder, and she was powerless and unwilling to make him stop. 
"We have responsibilities to them... before we leave, Ra wants to hold a 
meeting with us and the rest of our... brethren." 

She turned back to face him, all the while knowing that she was simply 
reliving something that she had no control over now. "Ra is a fool, and 
while his discovery of this planet is advantageous, he only seeks to 
dominate the other Goa'uld." 

"You worry far too much, sister." He said, and Jade finally felt herself 
taking control, the scenario fading. 

                         *******************

Daniel stood, rubbing the back of his neck as he walked back over towards 
Jade. 

"Now, I really sympathize..." As he reached Jade again, he adjusted his 
glasses and then sighed, looking down. 

Suddenly, he heard a sigh, and the metallic unlatching as Jade was 
released. She fell towards him, and Daniel looked up, gasping and 
grabbing Jade as she fell into his arms. He knelt down, putting his hands 
to her face as he felt for warmth, and then to her neck to feel for a 
pulse. 

"Dr. Andros... Jade, c'mon, wake up." He said as the two sat in the 
catacombs. 

                         *******************

Jack stared at the fallen rocks blocking the entrance, his mind 
strategically racing to find a solution to this problem. His Zatgun was 
next to the still-unconscious Carter, and Teal'C stood some meters in the 
back of the caves, pacing and allowing O'Neill time to think. 

But, that time was up. 

Doing some quick figuring in his head, Jack glanced at his watch, 
thinking as to how many hours until dusk had been left when they had 
arrived on the planet. Jack abruptly stood, Teal'C ceasing to pace and 
walking towards Jack. 

"O'Neill?" The question was half-inquiry, half-statement, and Jack turned 
to face the J'affa, motioning to the cave-in. 

"It should be dark now. Blast it and we'll see if we can get back to the 
Gate." 

"What of Doctor Jackson and Doctor Andros?" 

Jack sighed, and he nodded to himself, backing away from the rocks. 

"We'll make sure to find them after we contact Hammond. They're probably 
better off than we are." 

                         *******************

Jade felt consciousness slowly reacquaint itself with her senses, and she 
slowly opened her blue eyes, glancing around. She managed to focus on 
Daniel, who sat next to her, his back against the wall as he seemed to be 
sleeping. 

"Dr. Jackson?" Jade whispered, finding her voice hoarse. 

"Daniel..." Daniel sighed back to her as he slept, as if correcting a 
friend casually, without knowing what he was saying. 

"Doctor - Daniel, wake up." Jade tried again, this time reaching over and 
gently shaking him. 

Daniel jumped slightly, turning and looking over to Jade. "Oh, Jade..." 
Daniel whispered, still groggy. "Dr. Andros, you're awake..." He rubbed 
his eyes, crawling over to her to touch his hand to her arm. "Are you all 
right?" 

"Um... aside from being groggy and sorting through memories that I know 
are not mine..." Jade shook her head as Daniel stood, his hand offered to 
help her up. "I think I'm okay." Jade took Daniel's hand, and he hoisted 
her up, Jade slightly unsteady as she bumped into him. 

"Easy." 

"I'm okay." Jade quickly defended, feeling her reflexes and nerves 
balance to alertness again. 

"You sure?" Daniel asked, trying to make sure his companion was all 
right. 

"Yeah, it's okay. I'm fine." Jade finally pulled away from Daniel, a 
faint blush coloring her cheeks. How long had she been out? 

And those memories... 

"Dr. Andros?" Daniel asked as she wandered a few feet away from him, Jade 
ignoring him as she tried to sort out the images in her mind. "Jade." He 
called again, his concern vanishing as intense frustration took over. 
"Jade!" 

Jade whirled, the harshness of Daniel's voice making her jump. Except, 
Daniel still held that questioning look as if he hadn't said a word. 

"Everything all right?" Daniel asked calmly, unknowing of the anger that 
for a split second had overtaken him. 

Jade glanced at him, worried for a moment, and she nodded slowly. 

                         *******************

"All right, now!" Jack yelled, covering Carter's body with his own as 
Teal'C launched an energy blast at the closed mouth of the cave. The 
ground shook as rocks were blown out of the way, and the way was opened. 
After a second energy blast, everything settled, and Jack looked up, 
seeing that Teal'C was already to the new entrance, energy blasts 
resounding again as the large man obviously attacked J'affa outside. 

"O'Neill. I appears the J'affa have fallen back. We must hurry." 

O'Neill nodded, grabbing Carter and hoisting her into his arms. As he 
looked over to her, he realized something he had been missing before. 
Carter was pale and she was barely breathing. "Dammit, Carter, hang in 
there." He murmured, turning and running to the cave. "That's an order." 
He reached the mouth of the prison, and he crawled out with her in his 
arms. "C'mon, Teal'C!" He shouted, not wanting to dawdle. 

"O'Neill, stop!" Teal'C cried from the entrance, but not before Jack hit 
some sort of force field. 

Jack flew back onto the ground, Sam rolling away limply. 

"DAMMIT!" Jack hoarsely shouted, taking his cap and slinging it to the 
ground. 

                         *******************

"Dr. Jackson," Jade called as she continued to read the characters along 
one of the small catacombs. "Come here." 

Daniel emerged from another hall, a hand to his head as he looked up at 
the intricate murals on the ceiling. 

"You see those murals, right?" Jade asked without turning around. 

"Yeah..." Daniel murmured, confused as he looked up and focused on one 
figure, distinctly male. 

"The man on the left... these characters label him as 'Master of Thunder, 
God of Rain.' That makes him Suzano-oo." 

"Okay..." 

"This wall tells the story of the god's downfall... the murals 
illustrate." Jade finally tuned to face him, her hands still spread on 
the wall. "Look at the last murals, Doctor." 

Daniel's gaze followed the murals, which pictured a meeting with Ra, some 
sort of trial, and... 

"Holy shit." Daniel exclaimed simply, his eyes focused on the final 
mural, which showed Suzano-oo being forced by two men, his body 
struggling into a sarcophagus. "Oh my God," Daniel looked down to Jade, 
who had crossed her green-fatigued arms in front of her. "They put 
Suzano-oo in a sarcophagus. They must've sealed him inside and buried him 
here. The small temple must've intentionally been to keep the public 
unaware." 

"Suzano-oo is still alive. In the catacombs." 

                         *******************

"Dr. Jackson!" Jade cried as she slid down a tunnel from the main 
catacomb. "Dr. Jackson! C'mon!" She had been dumped into a dark cavern, 
only a single panel illuminating a small circle of the room. She couldn't 
see anything else. 

"Andros, what could possibly make you think something was down here??" 
Daniel shouted down to her, his voice harsh. Jade suppressed a shudder, 
and she bit her lip, crossing her arms over her chest. Something was 
seriously wrong with Daniel, but she couldn't take the time to figure it 
out now. 

"Dr. Jackson! Please, just get down here!" 

"Don't you tell me what do to!!" Daniel shouted as soon as he tumbled 
into the small opening near her. 

Jade reached down to help him up, but Daniel pulled away from her, 
suddenly enraged. 

"Don't touch me!!! What the Hell are you thinking?? You've done nothing 
but lead us in circles this entire time!!" Daniel stood finally, and he 
turned to the wall near the small cavern, slamming his fist into the 
panel, hearing it spark and hiss as it died. "I AM SICK OF BEING TRAPPED 
HERE!!" 

As the only bit of light from the panel faded, Daniel's yelling became 
sobs. "I want... I want to be let out... It - It's so dark..." Jade heard 
the sound of a body sliding down against a wall and she heard Daniel sob 
again, her heart wrenching as she longed to understand what was happening 
to him. She couldn't help but think that it was partially her fault... 

"Dr. Jackson?" She whispered, the blackness before her stifling. She was 
fumbling around for her PDA or her flashlight, but suddenly, as always 
happened when one needed something, she couldn't find it. She heard a 
quiet sob, and she took a few steps closer, her boots clacking on dust-
covered ground. "Dr. Jackson - " 

"I'm scared... Amaterasu..." Daniel whispered, his voice still his, but 
the terror in his voice too profound. 

It then struck Jade. Daniel was somehow channeling Suzano-oo... at least, 
she hoped so. 

"Someone... it's too dark... help me..." 

"Daniel..." Jade whispered again, finally managing to find her 
flashlight. "It's all right... I'm here." Jade flipped on her flashlight, 
and Daniel cried out, curling up on the wall. "No! No, Daniel, it's all 
right... just relax, please." Jade put the flashlight down, the light 
streaking on the floor, and she slowly extended a hand to Daniel, 
touching his cheek. He flinched, and Jade put her finger to her lips, 
shushing quietly. "Shh... Daniel, calm down. I can't help you unless you 
calm down. Can you do that?" 

Daniel whimpered, scared as a child, but he slowly nodded, and Jade 
smiled. 

"Okay, good. Now, just stay here... okay? I'll be back. Let me look 
around. I can help you." 

"No!" Daniel cried, grabbing Jade's jacket and pulling her closer. "No! 
Ra's bastards await you!" 

"Daniel! Daniel..." Jade slowly pushed him back down to the wall. "It's 
okay. I'll be fine. There's no one here." Jade managed to keep him 
silent, and she slowly stood, backing up and picking up her flashlight. 

She swung the beam around, and her gaze rested on a small chamber to her 
left. She slowly walked down the chamber, and she swung the light around 
again, gasping as she was faced with the skeletal remains of a J'affa. 

"Ra's bastards..." Jade whispered, nodding to herself and then looking 
over to the other side of the room. 

There was a large sarcophagus. 

"Yes..." Jade hissed, walking to the sarcophagus and then pushing a 
hieroglyph. There was a whine, and then nothing. She realized that the 
panel must have been shut down somehow. Putting down the flashlight on 
the sarcophagus, Jade began to examine the panel. She only hoped she 
could fix it in time to help Daniel. 

                         *******************

"Anubis, hi, how's it goin'?" Jack shouted to the cloaked hologram before 
him, his P-7 still clutched in his hand. Of course, he, Sam and Teal'C 
were still completely unaware of events transpiring in the catacombs, and 
so much the better, because Jack would most likely have been exhausted 
knowing that Daniel was mentally unstable and that Sam could die within 
hours. 

"Tau'uri," Anubis rumbled, taking a step closer to Jack. "You and your 
female will cooperate or die." 

"Now, see, I'm afraid that's not gonna work," Jack shook his head, 
adjusting his cap and smiling. "We don't do that whole 'cooperate or die' 
thing." Jack looked to Anubis's J'affa, and then studied Anubis as if he 
was insane. "Where ya been for the past two millennia?" 

"Silence!" Anubis snarled and a J'affa passed through the stasis field, 
his energy staff pointed at Jack's torso. 

"Oh, hey, yeah... sure, no problem." Jack said quickly, raising his hands 
in the air. 

"O'Neill, I do not believe this is wise - " 

"Relax, Teal'C, I've got it covered." Jack shot back, even though to 
many, those words translated to 'Run, do not walk, to the nearest exit.' 

"Indeed." 

"The traitor J'affa is to be taken to a cell." Anubis ordered, looking to 
his J'affa. "The Tau'uri are mine. Bring them now!" 

"Well, we're just one bunch of happy campers, aren't we?" 

                         *******************

"Shi... ka... no... ta... go..." Jade bit her lip as she continued to 
rearrange the scrambled symbols on the console before her. She nearly had 
the data completely rearranged. After that, it should just be a push of a 
button. "Dr. Jackson!" Jade called as she worked. No answer. "Daniel, can 
you answer me?" 

"Jade!" Daniel cried. "Where are you? It's too dark!" 

The frantic edge in Daniel's voice made Jade wince, and she grabbed the 
flashlight on the sarcophagus, jogging back to him. Daniel looked so 
vulnerable, the emotional tampering tearing him apart. Jade knelt down 
next to him, and she sighed, grabbing his hands, which were at his face. 

"Daniel... I'm here... you don't have to be scared anymore." Jade held 
onto is hands tightly, knowing that she had to get the significantly more 
vital member of SG-1, if not the entire SGC, back out of these Hellish 
catacombs. "Daniel, walk with me... once Suzano-oo is out, you should be 
okay. C'mon..." 

Daniel shakily stood, and he clutched onto Jade fearfully, the two slowly 
making their way back into the room with the sarcophagus. 

"Okay, stay here." Jade said, having him lean against a small chest as 
she turned back to the console. After a moment, Jade had finished toying 
with the syllables, and she depressed the large red orb in the center of 
the main panel. She waited with bated breath as the panels lit up, and 
for a moment she was afraid that it wouldn't start. But, then, with a 
loud hiss, the sarcophagus began to open before the two, and Jade stepped 
back in awe, looking over to Daniel to see that he was also in seemingly 
shock. 

A large, imposing figure slowly made its way out of the sarcophagus to 
stand upright, and it roared, the traditional Japanese samurai armor 
rattling on its body. 

"I am the Storm-god, Suzano-oo." The Goa'uld boomed, turning to look at 
Jade and Daniel. "Servant of Ra, look upon your death! Tremble before my 
wrath!" He cried, his tongue a more ancient form of Japanese. 

Jade was caught off-guard, and she couldn't seem to find the words to 
save them. 

"No! Stop!" Daniel shouted in Japanese, causing Jade to back up towards 
him and look at him. "We're - we're not the ones who imprisoned you! 
We're not... followers of Ra! His followers are somewhere on the 
surface!" Jade was absolutely astounded and befuddled by Daniel's sudden 
aptitude of ancient Japanese. "You have no quarrel with us! We freed you! 
This woman - " Daniel stepped in front of Jade, pointing her out. "Freed 
you!" 

Suzano-oo looked from Daniel to Jade, throwing his head back in laughter, 
his eyes flashing white through the mask. "This 'onna' broke Ra's 
imprisonment?" Suzano-oo smiled coldly, cruelly, and predatorily. "Why 
should I believe you?" 

"Because Amaterasu is out there waiting for you!" Jade shouted finally, 
able to find her voice. "She broke free and has joined the System Lords! 
I know this because I have studied her!" 

"My Love? With the System Lords? You lie!" 

"No, she's telling the truth!" Daniel urged, afraid he was going to lose 
the feeble bartering. "Find out for yourself! We have people on the 
surface that will be exterminated by J'affa if you don't help us! We 
saved you, please help us!" 

Suzano-oo watched them for a few moments, then his eyes flashed again. "I 
will spare your people." 

                         *******************

Jack yanked his arm out of the grip of the J'affa holding him, only to be 
whacked in the lower back by the guard's energy staff. He buckled, but 
didn't fall, instead taking a few steps forward as he stumbled, looking 
around the main bridge of Anubis's ship. 

"Sir?" The weak voice caught Jack's attention, and he looked past the 
steps in front of him up to a large sarcophagus before him, a group of 
J'affa in the process of lifting a familiar uniform-clad figure into it. 

"Carter-" 

A growl from a J'affa in front of him and the sound of its staff arming 
forced Jack not to try helping Carter. Despite the fact that he'd seen 
the sarcophagus work wonders, he still refused to trust Goa'uld 
technology. 

"Stand down, Tau'uri. I am here to give you and your female a rare 
opportunity." Anubis's voice was every bit the cold, harsh Goa'uld, but 
even as he walked out from the shadows, Anubis seemed amused at 
something. This fact did not comfort Jack in the slightest. 

"Sorry, but I don't remember getting a raffle ticket, so why don't you 
just let us go and-" 

Another staff smacked Jack in the back and he fell to his knees, holding 
back a shout and turning it into a hiss. "God... that's so annoying..." 

"Tau'uri, I am giving you the rare chance to save yourself and your 
female before I annihilate your entire race." 

Jack looked up at Anubis and shook his head, sighing. "Somehow, I don't 
think I'll be interested." No sooner than the words had left his mouth, 
Jack was grabbed and hauled to his feet, Anubis sending a hand signal to 
one of his guards. 

"It is not a question of interest." Anubis chuckled deeply, a rumble that 
seemed to reverberate throughout the chamber of the ship. "It is a matter 
of necessity." Anubis turned to a J'affa, and he walked towards Jack as 
the J'affa followed with a black shroud-covered item in his hand. 

"Uh, no. No, no, no, I don't think so." Jack tried to struggle away from 
the guards; memories of Hathor among others that had tried to implant 
snakes in him all too real. He felt a hand tightly clasp onto his 
abdomen, ripping away the clothing. "Dammit, I said no!" Slowly, Anubis 
removed the shroud, revealing a small transparent tank, a symbiote 
floating in fluid. "Oh, no. No! Dammit, don't you listen?" Jack finally 
shut his eyes, still struggling fearfully. 

Thankfully, just as Anubis was preparing to take the symbiote from the 
tank, some sort of warning claxon sounded, and Anubis jerked his head to 
one of the J'affa. 

"Status!" 

"Seismic activity on the surface, my Lord!" 

Jack slowly opened one eye, watching as Anubis threw the shroud back over 
the tank, his robes sweeping behind him as he turned to his J'affa. 

"How severe?" 

"My Lord, there is a fissure opening in front of the ship." 

"Show me!" 

Jack finally opened his other eyes and he was pulled by the J'affa 
towards the view port, watching in shock as J'affa tumbled below them 
into a seeming crack in the earth. As they watched, the weather seemed to 
turn dark, and lightning streaked down from the sky, thunder rumbling. 
Then, there was another mighty clash, and a flash of light so blinding, 
it must have been a lightning bolt near or hitting the ship. Using that 
as a distraction, Jack elbowed the guard on his right, wrenching his 
energy staff from his hands. Jack turned and fired at the J'affa 
surrounding him, then turned to the sarcophagus, seeing that it was 
already closed. 

"Dammit. Carter!" He shouted, knowing she couldn't hear him, so he fired 
at the few guards around the sarcophagus. Having taken them out, Jack 
sprinted up to it and looked for controls. Not able to see any, Jack 
blasted it open, pushing off one of the doors and seeing Carter, her side 
nearly completely healed. "Carter?" 

Carter winced and sat up, feeling Jack's hand on her back as she tried to 
figure out what was going on. She looked around, vaguely hearing Jack ask 
her if she was all right, but her focus was on what was happening in 
front of them. 

"Sir..." She said, pointing to the view port. 

                         *******************

Jade and Daniel watched as Suzano-oo held his hands up above him, the red 
gems on his hands glowing in the dark as he took a deep breath, growling 
as rumbling echoed in the chamber. 

"Oh... back up," Jade whispered, slowly grabbing Daniel and pulling him 
to her. "Back up!" 

As she pushed him to the wall, a line of light split the dark ceiling, 
and rocks tumbled before them as Suzano-oo seemed to create the fissure 
above them. Rain seemed to coat the floor in front of them, and Daniel 
grabbed Jade's arm, slowly pulling her with him as he inched his way 
around Suzano-oo, hugging the wall as the Goa'uld dropped a hand only to 
spread his fingers and raise his hand again, a platform carrying him up 
to the surface. 

"Okay, let's go!" Daniel hissed, hopping onto a rung on the platform, 
some feet below Suzano-oo. 

"Wait! My PDA!" Jade turned and grabbed her PDA and other items from the 
edge of the open sarcophagus, stuffing them into her bigger pocket on her 
vest, then turning and also grabbing a rung. The two traveled behind 
Suzano-oo long enough to reach the surface, and then hopped off, the two 
rolling onto opposite sides of the fissure. 

"Jade!" Daniel shouted as soon as he looked up, seeing that some of the 
remaining J'affa were heading for her. Daniel had been caught on the 
unoccupied side. 

Jade looked up, and she gasped, grabbing her handgun. Rolling, she fired 
at the J'affa, who - since they'd been caught off-guard, was lacking a 
helmet. The J'affa took the bullet in the head, and Jade shut her eyes, 
rolling away again. She felt the ground disappear beneath her, and she 
opened her eyes, grabbing onto the slipping dirt, crying out as the wind 
was knocked out of her. 

"Hang on, Jade!" Daniel shouted, looking for a way across, unable to find 
one. 

"Daniel, I'm slipping!" Jade shouted as she clutched blindly for 
something other than soil. Unfortunately, she wasn't able to hold on, and 
she felt herself plunge into darkness. 

Then, a hand managed to clutch onto her wrist, and Jade came to an abrupt 
halt. Gasping, she looked up as a familiar deep voice boomed out, "Daniel 
Jackson, I have Doctor Andros!" 

"Teal'C..." Jade breathed, relieved as he practically threw her back up 
onto the ground. She fell to the ground on her knees, but she was soon 
back up on her feet. Looking back at Teal'C, she noticed that he was 
worse for wear, his face slightly nicked up and his clothes also tattered 
a bit. "Thanks..." Jade gasped, and Teal'C bowed his head before taking 
his staff and disposing of the last J'affa. He then trained his weapon on 
the rising Suzano-oo, Jade putting her hand on his arm. "Hang on. Don't 
shoot yet." 

"Who is he?" Teal'C asked, looking to Jade. 

"Suzano-oo. We kinda let him out. But," Jade sent a roguish smile to him, 
one of hope. "I think he's gonna help us." 

Teal'C rose and eyebrow and turned back to Suzano-oo. "Indeed." 

                         *******************

"Who the Hell..." Jack began, stopping. The more he watched the samurai-
clad Goa'uld, the less he wanted to know who it was. 

"Bastard of Ra," The Goa'uld boomed, Anubis watching attentively. "You 
have trespassed onto the Sacred Realm of the Kami. You imprisoned us, and 
took my love from me, but now, you and your kind will suffer!" 

"It can't be..." Anubis said quietly, and Jack took that as a cue to help 
Carter up and get off the ship. "Carter, can you stand?" 

"I think so, sir." Sam said, favoring her side but standing and running 
with Jack anyway. Anubis was too preoccupied with the Goa'uld outside to 
care about Jack and Sam, so the two managed to find a set of rings. 

"Carter, make it work." Jack said as he heard the Goa'uld's voice boom 
out again. 

"You are hereby exiled from this planet, and you may pass word to the 
other Goa'uld you see! Suzano-oo will not rest until every one of you are 
dead, and the Kami rule the stars!" 

"Sir, c'mon!" Sam shouted as she limped to the ring circle, reaching over 
and pressing the button to activate it as Jack slid over to her. 

                         *******************

Daniel had to put a hand up to block the pouring rain as Suzano-oo 
condemned the ship and its inhabitants. 

"Suffer, traitors!!" Suzano-oo cackled, and he swept his hand out, a 
lightning bolt striking the ship. 

It took a few moments, but the ship began to take off, but not before a 
set of rings came down some distance away from them. Eventually, all was 
quiet, and the rain began to fade as Suzano-oo's platform sank back to 
the ground. 

"Take this as a warning, Tau'uri." Suzano-oo said, his eyes glowing 
through the demonic mask of a samurai as he looked to Daniel and Jade. "I 
have spared your lives, for you saved mine. That favor will not be given 
again. Leave, and do not return." The wind began to pick up, and Suzano-
oo turned to Daniel, speaking in the same ancient Japanese as before. "I 
thank you, but it is not a pardon. Leave." 

"Domo arigato gozaimasu, Kami-sama." Jade said quietly, bowing. She 
thought it would be better to honor the handout, although she was sure 
that Jack and the rest of SG-1 might disagree. 

Suzano-oo laughed again, and the platform sank back into the ground and 
beneath it, the Goa'uld gone. 

"Daniel?" Jack shouted as he and Sam trudged through the saturated and 
muddy ground. It was hard to believe what was once a beautiful ancient 
city was now mud and rubble from Suzano-oo's resurrection. 

"Jack?" Daniel simply replied as Jack reached them. 

"What the HELL was that?" 

"Who, sir." Jade corrected, seeing Jack shoot a dirty look to her, and 
she knew she hadn't won any brownie points with him. 

"Who was it?" Jack growled to Daniel as he plopped a now sopping wet cap 
onto his head. 

"Suzano-oo. We kinda let him out." 

Jack looked from Daniel and then to Jade, who was watching him as she bit 
her lower lip. 

"Genius... sheer genius..." He sighed, sarcastically. 

"It was a good thing, though!" Jade commented, and Jack put a hand to the 
brim of his cap, pulling it down more. 

"For cryin' out loud..." He growled, looking to the Stargate. 

                         *******************

Jade finished packing for her visit off base in the small bag she had. 
She had a few pairs of clothing at John's, so she only needed her PDA and 
some notes. Hammond said he was going to re-assign her after she got 
back, but in the meantime he wanted her to do more extensive research on 
the Shinto Goa'ulds. As she grabbed the last of her items, she picked her 
vest up from her desk, realizing that there was a small tablet and purple 
stone in one of the pockets. 

"I must've picked it up by mistake..." She murmured to herself. She 
sighed and shrugged, also putting that in her bag. She knew she wasn't 
supposed to take it off base, but she didn't think it would hurt. 

Grabbing a manila folder on her way out, Jade turned off her light and 
closed her door behind her. Turning back to the hall ahead, she ran smack 
dab into someone, almost dropping her things. 

"Oh, sorry, sorry, sorry-" Jade finally backed away and looked up, seeing 
a calm but slightly perturbed Jack. "Colonel O'Neill, I'm sorry. I didn't 
see you there." 

"S'ok." Jack shrugged, obviously trying to be civil. "So, Andros..." Jack 
looked at her bag, raising an eyebrow. "Goin' somewhere?" 

"Oh," Jade looked at her bag and pulled it shut, realizing the snap had 
come undone. "Yeah. I'm going to stay with a friend of mine for a few 
weeks. I was on my way to see you, actually." 

"How come?" Jack simply inquired, stuffing his hands into his pockets, a 
little surprised. 

"To apologize." Jade said, looking at the floor. "I seemed to do nothing 
but cause trouble during the mission. I swear, it's not always like that 
around me." 

"Uh-huh. Well, actually," Jack smiled and stuck his hand out to her. "I 
wanted to thank you for saving my team's collective ass. If you hadn't of 
freed Suzie Q -" 

"Suzano-oo." Jade giggled, looking up at him. 

"Oh, c'mon, I'm trying to be humble here! Take it or leave it." 

"Okay, okay," Jade stifled her giggles and took his hand, shaking it. 
"You're welcome." 

"Thanks." 

Jade then sighed and shrugged, adjusting her bag. "Well, next time I see 
you, Colonel, I hope it won't be as death-defying." 

"Let's hope not, Dr. Andros." Jack said with a smile, really hoping he 
wasn't going to regret his decision. 

"Colonel," Jade sighed, canting her head. "Call me Jade next time." With 
that, Jade turned and rushed down the hall, the manila folder in one hand 
and the PDA in the other. 

                         *******************

Daniel looked up as he heard a knock on his door, seeing Jade standing 
there, now in civilian clothes. 

"Oh, Dr. Andros. Come in." Daniel said, putting his pen down and 
standing. 

"No, it's okay, Dr. Jackson. Don't get up." Jade motioned for him to sit 
back down, and she adjusted the shoulder strap of the bag she held. "I 
wanted to say thank you." 

"Thank you?" Daniel asked, still a bit embarrassed by his conduct while 
under Suzano-oo's control. "For what?" 

"For giving me the chance to work with you." Jade held up a small manila 
folder, and she plopped it in front of Daniel. "Your personal record. A 
blonde-haired birdie dropped it on my desk." Jade shrugged and crossed 
her arms over her chest. "You know Japanese. Almost as well as I do." 

Daniel opened his mouth to speak, and then shut it. That was true. He had 
learned to speak Japanese, but he was still regaining his memories 
completely from after his return to Earth. Contrary to what he had led 
everyone to believe, there were still times where his memory failed him. 
"I couldn't decipher the dialect of the tablets. They were too old." He 
lied, trying to write off the situation. 

"Why'd you let me go with you? You could've said that and Hammond 
would've taken me off." 

Daniel shrugged, not actually having an answer. Why had he? "I... don't 
know." 

"You don't?" Jade put her hands on his desk. "You sure?" 

Daniel looked up at her, at a loss for words. "Not... really." 

"You're just confused?" She asked, curious. 

"I... just needed the second opinion." Daniel finished, shrugging and 
clearing his throat, leaning back. "You knew the culture better than I 
did." He looked down at his work, suddenly interested in the key to 
knowledge or something. 

Jade was shocked, and it even surprised her to realize that she was a bit 
hurt. She had looked up to Daniel her entire time at SGC... most of the 
civilian culture experts did... she must have just been another fan to 
him. Jade blinked and looked away, trying to push away her 
disappointment. Just because she was interested in forming a friendship 
with the local celebrity didn't mean he was. 

"Right..." She whispered, and she smiled. "Okay... well, I just thought 
I'd let you know that I'm going off-base for a week or two. I'm gonna go 
visit a pal of mine, John Sheppard." Jade slowly backed away as she 
watched him scribble notes. She reached the door, and put a hand to the 
doorframe. "Goodbye, Dr. Jackson." Jade drifted out the door, not 
noticing that Daniel looked up, as if to say something, but not having 
the chance to. 

                         *******************

Catalyst
By The Kat Goddess - gategirlnihon@yahoo.com


RATING: FR-T

WARNINGS: Some strong language and violence, but that's it. 

CATEGORY: Action/Adventure, Drama, Missing Scene, Romance 

PAIRING: Daniel/Other, Sam/Jack

SPOILERS: New Order, Lockdown 

TIME FRAME: Season 8. Sequel to Chaos Theory. This takes place through 
New Order/after Lockdown/ and before Zero Hour. 

SUMMARY: Dr. Andros has had plenty of time off after her first mission 
with SG-1, but she's recalled to base with the other teams just after 
O'Neill's incapacitation. Soon, after O'Neill takes command, he sends SG-
1 on another mission with Jade, only for Sam and Jade to be trapped in a 
pit, surrounded by geysers, Daniel and Teal'c unable to find them. 

DISCLAIMER: "Stargate SG-1" and its characters are the property of 
MGM/UA, Double Secret Productions, Gekko Film Corp., Showtime/Viacom and 
USA Networks, Inc. This story is for entertainment purposes only and no 
money has exchanged hands. No copyright infringement is intended. The 
original characters, situations and story are the property of the 
author(s), and may not be republished or archived elsewhere without the 
author's permission.

AUTHOR'S NOTES: Okay, here we go! The second installment! I PRAY YOU 
PEOPLE WILL READ AND REVIEW! This episode draws the same scenario from 
Solitudes except with Sam and Jade. without the shippiness. 


                         *******************
 
Dr. Jade Andros, Eastern Linguist and Anthropologist with Stargate 
Command, crawled out of bed with a growl, blinking her sleepy eyes as she 
noticed that the sun was already peeking through the curtains. Yawning, 
she pulled the covers off and ran her hands through her hair. It felt 
great to be sleeping in a different bed, not having a mission hanging 
over her head or something similar. It was nice for her to have these two 
weeks off. 

"Hey, Jade?" John Sheppard called from the kitchen. "You up? I have 
coffee!" 

Jade blinked stupidly and then sighed, nodding to herself and standing. 
She lazily grabbed her PDA and the tablet she'd smuggled out of the SGC 
from their mission with Suzano-oo, then slumped out into the kitchen, 
where John sat reading the comics of the Washington Post while sipping a 
cup of coffee. 

"God, you're such a kill joy in the morning," John said without even 
looking at her, to which Jade promptly slung the sports section at him. 

"Johnny, you've always had a talent for making every wonderful morning 
absolutely hideous." 

"I love you, too." He said, looking up and taking a sip of coffee as Jade 
grabbed a mug, filling it with coffee as well. 

"You better. We've been pals since high school." Jade murmured as she 
took a seat across from him, pulling out the tablet and looking at the 
section she had called up with the stone last night. "Well... I was in 
high school. As a freshman. You were a senior." 

John nodded and yawned, looking up at her. "Work stuff?" John asked, 
motioning to the tablet in her hand. 

"Yeah. You could say that." Jade sipped er coffee and laid the tablet and 
her PDA on the table before her. As far as John was concerned, whenever 
she was unavailable, she was on a dig somewhere in Japan or Mongolia, not 
knowing that she was off in Cheyenne Mountain and, most of the time, 
another world. John had no idea about the Stargate program, being at 
McMurdoch all the time, and this was his first real vacation in a while, 
and Jade wasn't about to break security now. Slowly, Jade focused on 
trying to figure out how old and what dialect the Japanese was. 

"Where'd you find it?" 

"A dig." She answered smoothly, finally being able to make some progress 
in her work. "So," She said, looking up and changing the subject. "What 
was that phone call about last night? I thought I heard you mention 
Antarctica." Jade tapped the stylus for her PDA to her chin, and she 
looked up at John. "Where is McMurdoch anyway?" 

John ignored her last question and continued to answer her other 
questions. "I might go to Antarctica permanently. I've got some possible 
training, and they might put me in Antarctica for some odd dig they've 
begun." John shrugged, not thinking too deeply into it. Jade couldn't 
help but wonder what that could possibly be about. "It could go to 
somebody else, though." 

Jade chuckled and shook her head, scribbling some notes about Ra and his 
brethren onto the paper next to her PDA. "Yeah, well, you're not going to 
get the job if you always look like you've been going Mach 3 without a 
helmet." Jade reached over and messed up John's wild black hair, 
giggling. "And to think you're such a lady killer." 

"Are you kidding?" John smirked and flattened his crazy hair back down. 
"It's just my winning charm that does it." 

"Yeah, and I'm sure your college cheerleader fetish turns chicks on, 
too." 

"Hey, I -" John was cut off as his phone rang, and he jumped, leaning 
over and pressing the "on" button on his phone. "Hello?" He slowly rose 
his gaze to Jade's and he shrugged, handing her the phone. " 'S for you." 

"Hello? Dr. Andros speaking." 

"Dr. Andros? It's Major Carter." 

"Oh, Major Carter, hang on." Jade looked up and bit her lip, wincing as 
she put the phone against her chest. "John, can you excuse me? It's work 
related." 

John rose an eyebrow but shrugged, and he stood, walking off to his 
bedroom, probably to take a shower. 

"Major Carter," Jade continued when she knew that John was gone, and she 
closed her PDA and put her notes away for the moment to focus on why she 
would be calling. "How are you? Why'd you call?" 

"Dr. Andros, there really isn't an easy way to tell you all of this, but 
all the SG teams have been recalled back to base." 

"What?" Jade said, trying to keep the edge out of her voice. "Why?" 

"The supposed incident two days ago in Antarctica, the one that we've 
been handling, that was Colonel O'Neill's doing. He's currently frozen in 
Antarctica, and I don't think there's anything we can do for him." 

Jade tried to speak but found that as she replayed the news reports of 
bright flashes in the south, she was wondering what had happened to 
O'Neill. 

"There was also a change of command, so you need to come back because of 
that as well." 

Jade paused, and she slowly adjusted how she was sitting, her initial 
shock gone. "Major, tell me there's more to this." 

"There is, but I shouldn't tell you over the phone. Just, come back to 
base and meet me in my lab once you get here." 

Jade tried to get over her shock, and she took a deep breath. "I'll be 
there as soon as I can." 

                         *******************

Sam paced in her lab impatiently as she tried to focus on some way to 
thaw Jack, but it wasn't working. She couldn't focus because she didn't 
really want to. What she really wanted was for Dr. Andros to arrive so 
she could explain to the woman what had happened, and then she wanted 
Jack's problem to magically solve itself while she was explaining to 
Jade. 

"Major Carter, sorry I'm late, there were issues with letting me in 
apparently." Jade Andros said as she cautiously entered Sam's lab, having 
never actually been in it before. 

"It's all right, I'm just glad you're here." Sam said, finally able to 
cease in her pacing, and she turned to Jade, motioning to a stool. "Have 
a seat." 

"Thanks." Jade pulled the seat out and had soon settled herself in for 
the moment, looking to Sam, hoping that the member of SG-1 could explain 
why everything seemed to be problematic at the moment. "So, what exactly 
happened?" 

Sam took a seat as well, and in a few minutes, she had explained how Dr. 
Weir had taken over for Hammond a few days after Jade had left, and then 
explained the situation with the Ancient Repository of Knowledge that the 
team had found, and that Jack had been able to find an outpost in 
Antarctica before having himself frozen to prevent his mind from being 
completely overwritten by the Repository. Finally, Sam explained that 
while she'd been out of regular contact, Anubis had tried to attack and 
that Jack's outpost in Antarctica had a weapon that had been the "bright 
flashes in the south" a few days before Sam had called. When she was 
finished, Jade was a mixture of annoyed, shocked and sorrowful. She 
couldn't believe what had happened to Colonel O'Neill, only a uweek or so 
after she had worked with him. She had a tendency to get attached to co-
workers and teammates far too easily, a trait she had been working on 
curbing, and this was only making that weakness of hers even more 
poinant. 

"How..." Jade took a deep breath, and she looked up at Sam finally, 
finding that the anthropologist was having a hard time focusing. "How's 
Doctor Jackson taking it?" 

Sam shrugged, and she sighed, leaning back and looking over towards the 
door, as if Jack was just supposed to materialize in the frame. "He's 
been keeping himself pretty pre-occupied lately. I think that Dr. Weir 
wants him to help with negotiations about the outpost." Sam stood and 
shook her head. "The different governments are fighting for control of 
the area. So, I don't think he's focusing on it.... that and he knows 
Jack will come back." 

Jade nodded, knowing that the eight-year friendship and comradrie between 
the original SG-1 could never be measured, and it probably compensated 
for death-defying situations. Then again, Daniel Jackson had even gone 
one step further when he died, ascended, and then descended again. The 
fact that Sam had even requested that she be the one to tell Jade about 
Jack's demise made her feel honored, even though she knew it was probably 
just courtesy or coincidence that Sam told her. 

"How are you taking it?" Jade asked Sam bluntly, hoping that getting Sam 
talk would help her as well. 

"I..." Sam shrugged. "I don't know how I'm taking it. Every five minutes 
I keep hoping he's just gonna walk in the door and I won't have to do 
anything. Truth is, I don't think we can help him." 

"The Asgard might." Jade mused, and Sam nodded, the kind of nod that 
seemed to show that the option had already been explored. 

"They're not responding. I'm not sure if we'll be able to actually find 
the Asgard." 

"Major Carter." The deep voice of Teal'C, the J'affa that Jade felt 
priviledged to know, said as he stood in the doorway of Sam's lab. 

"Oh, hey, Teal'C." Sam said easily, and Jade looked up at Teal'C, 
smiling. 

"Hi, there, Teal'C." 

"Doctor Andros, Doctor Weir requests your presence in her office." 

Jade nodded and smiled, standing and holding her hand out to Carter. 
"Thanks for filling me in, Major Carter. I know you didn't have to, and I 
appreciate it." 

Sam took her hand and nodded. "No problem. I hope Doctor Weir doesn't 
give you too much trouble." 

                         *******************

Elizabeth Weir sat poring over the latest report from the government 
concerning the Antarctica outpost, her expression dark and concerned. She 
wasn't sure how she was going to work this out with the negotiations, but 
the outpost had to be researched by teams who understood the Stargate. 
Which was why Weir was so concerned... she didn't even understand the 
Stargate in its entireity. 

"Doctor Weir?" 

Elizabeth looked up, her gaze focusing on someone who seemed to be a 
civilian, her short, brown hair bouncing with the action. "Yes? Can I 
help you?" 

"I'm Doctor Andros, SG-11 and SG-1. Teal'C said you wanted to see me." 

"Oh, yes, although I had no idea you were back already. Teal'C had told 
me you would be gone for a few weeks." Elizabeth stood and offered her 
hand to Jade, who readily accepted it as she joined the Doctor in her 
office. "Please, have a seat." 

"Thank you." Jade took a seat and then put down the small bag she had 
over her shoulder. "I came back early because Major Carter filled me in 
on the situation. What was it you wanted to see me about?" 

"Well, I've read your mission report the mission to P2X-387 and I wanted 
to know what level of concern you think that Suzano-oo should be given, 
considering gate travel is an impossibility right now." 

"No gate travel? At all?" Jade asked, staring at Doctor Weir, hoping she 
could curb her frustration before she said something that she would 
regret. 

"No, I'm afraid not. I had decided against it when we were expecting an 
attack by Anubis, but now that the immediate threat is over, I would 
prefer gate travel to be limited unless in dire circumstances." 

"Excuse me, Dr. Weir, but, Suzano-oo and the rest of the System Lords 
*are* a threat, and we've learned before that closing up the gate for 
travel won't stop them!" Jade snapped, and then closed her eyes, taking a 
deep breath. She had managed to keep most of her frustration and anger 
out of her voice, but a small amount had managed to trickle through. 

"Dr. Andros, I would appreciate it if you didn't treat me as if I had no 
idea that the System Lords are a threat. I am fully aware of that fact. 
But, right now, with the different governments all squabbling over the 
outpost in Antarctica, the last thing we should be doing is sending more 
teams out." Dr. Weir looked down at her notes, as if to say that the 
conversation was over. "Actually, Dr. Andros, I would like you to come 
talk to me again later in the week, after I have some of the negotiations 
sorted out. Only then will I be able to fully concentrate on the issues 
with Suzano-oo." She looked back up at Jade, who was biting her lip, 
trying not to speak. "I'm sorry for wasting your time, Dr. Andros. 
Perhaps you should spend this time back on the base to confer with 
associates and work on other projects." 

Jade stood and took a deep breath, closing her eyes and nodding slowly. 
"I'll take that under consideration, Dr. Weir. I'll be back to see you in 
a few days. Don't hesitate to call if you need me for anything." 

                         *******************

"How was the meeting with Doctor Weir?" Sam asked as she watched Jade 
walk back into her lab, the anthropologist now carrying a tablet and 
purple stone, as well as her PDA and a clipboard f notes. "What's all 
this?" She asked as Jade slowly dumped it all on the desk in front of 
Sam. 

"I found this tablet and stone in the catacombs, and I've been working on 
deciphering it for the past few days. And, if it's okay with you, I work 
better when I have someone to talk to." Jade looked up at her, hopeful, 
trying to forge a friendship between her superior. "If that's all right 
with you." 

"Uh," Sam shrugged and afforded herself a small smile. "No, that's fine." 

"As for Doctor Weir," Jade scrunched up her nose and shuddered. "I don't 
like her. She doesn't seem to get that we're in danger from all sides, 
not just the political one." 

"Danger? Why? Is there something else going on here?" 

Jade nodded and picked up the clipboard in her hand, flipping the pages 
to reveal one page with notes sccribbled everywhere, even along the 
margins. "This is what I've been working on - well, part of it. This is 
specifically about Suzano-oo and the Shinto Lords." Jade leaned over to 
show Sam the exact passages she was referring to. "It seems that Suzano-
oo was pretty ruthless in his day and age. Not as bad as Anubis, but it 
seems that Amaterasu and her parents, Izanagi and Izanami, all were 
insurgents in amongst the System Lords. They believed that Ra's First 
planet should have been shared among the other Goa'uld. When Ra kept the 
planet for himself, Suzano-oo and Amaterasu made their move, showing 
their disagreement with Ra." 

"So, you're saying that Ra may have been justified in imprisoning the 
Shinto gods." Sam assessed, looking from the clipboard to Jade, who 
shrugged. 

"Yes, and no. But, in Ra's mindset, he would've been. However, if Suzano-
oo and the others wanted Earth then..." 

"They could still want it now." 

"Exactly." Jade slowly pounded her fist to the table, triumphant. "We're 
not safe, and we won't be unless we get rid of them. They are more 
powerful than the System Lords when in their own territory." 

Sam and Jade shared a moment of heavy silence, each of them trying to 
figure out exactly how they should treat the situation. However, the 
moment of focus was gone as Daniel's voice began to come through the 
doorway. 

"Sam, I was talking to Dr. Weir, and - " Daniel finally swung around the 
doorframe and looked up from the book he was reading, and his thoughts 
seemed to stop in their tracks. "Oh." Daniel cleared his throat as he and 
Jade looked at each other, and she feigned indifference, looking back to 
her work, just as Daniel had done to her a week and a half ago. "I didn't 
know you were back, Doctor Andros." 

"Doctor Jackson." She said by way of greeting and a way of writing off 
his comment. 

"Daniel," Sam said after noticing the tense moment, and she leaned on her 
table, turning to Daniel. "What were you saying to Dr. Weir?" 

"Well, the negotiations have been pushed back again. Um, she doesn't 
think that she'll want another briefing with us until probably sometime 
next week." 

"Well, that's good. Maybe that means that you and Jade could work on some 
of the information about Suzano-oo she's collected." 

Jade looked up at Sam's suggestion, and she and Daniel both paused, 
glancing at each other and then shaking their heads. 

"No, that's all right, I can handle it -" 

"I-I've got other work to do, and Dr. Weir may want help -" Daniel 
quickly made a hasty retreat, and he began to flip through his book 
again. "I'm gonna go help Dr. Weir." Daniel turned and left, and Jade 
watched the space where he'd been before sighing and shaking her head, 
looking to Sam. 

"Excuse me, but do I look funny or something? Do I just give off an aura 
of 'Don't work with me?'" 

Sam nearly spit out the coffee she had begun to drink and she turned to 
Jade. "What?" 

"Every time I work with Doctor Jackson..." Jade sighed and shook her head 
again, looking back to her work. "Never mind. This isn't something I 
should be talking about." Sam opened her mouth to reply, but Jade changed 
the subject and kept talking. "I wonder if there's anything in here about 
how Suzano-oo was able to control the weather on the planet." 

                         *******************

Over a week had passed since Jade had returned to the base and most of 
that time had been spent in her lab working on translating the tablet, 
and she had managed to collect a veritable wealth of information on 
Suzano-oo's rule and subsequent imprisonment. However, Jade had heard 
that Dr. Weir had held a briefing with SG-1 in regards to Colonel 
O'Neill's condition, and Sam and Teal'C were now taking an unofficial 
mission to try to contact the Asgard, however Jade had specifically 
requested that she be given leave from that briefing, seeing as Dr. Weir 
had not officially placed her on SG-1 yet. She didn't even know if Dr. 
Weir had wanted her at that briefing, but she wasn't about to volunteer, 
considering Hammond had never taken her off of SG-1 before she left. She 
was, as a result, spending her time cleaning up her artifacts and trying 
to brush up on some of the other languages she had not touched on for a 
long while. Specifically Latin. Having been with Daniel on the last 
mission had made her remember that just knowing one or two languages 
would not help her if she were to be presented with an unexpected 
situation on a mission. She had earlier heard the alarms going off for an 
unscheduled gate activation, but she had decided against meddling. 
Considering Dr. Weir wasn't her favorite person, she figured it would be 
more pertinant to stay out of the way. 

"Latis... crux..." Jade was simply murmuring and reciting different words 
as she put away a Siberian book she had found on P3X-299, and Jade 
yawned, the thought suddenly occuring to her that she had not slept well 
in days. Just as Jade slipped the book into her bookshelf, she heard a 
tentative knock on her door, and she turned, seeing Daniel Jackson 
standing in her door. "Doctor Jackson..." She murmured, a slight smile 
playing on her lips. "Is there something I can do for you? I am quite 
busy at the moment." 

"Actually, um," Daniel took a deep breath and adjusted his glasses, one 
of his journals in his hands. "You heard the alarms, right?" Daniel 
realized what he'd said and he sighed, nodding. "'Course you did. Um, 
Elizabeth - Doctor Weir has assigned me to attend to a delegation of 
Goa'uld ambassadors that are on their way." 

"Goa'uld ambassadors?" Jade spat, looking to the sky and shaking her 
head. "You've got to be kidding me." 

"Uhm... no." Daniel sighed, walking into Jade's lab, her reaction helping 
to sympathize with Daniel's own opinion of Weir's decision. "Listen, I 
don't like it any more than you do, but, truth is, I'm going to compile a 
summary of the three Goa'uld that will be attending this..." Daniel 
paused, not really sure of the actual intentions of the Goa'uld. 
"Negotiation." 

"Great..." Jade whispered, and she shrugged, walking a few feet closer to 
Daniel. "So, why exactly are you here, Doctor Jackson? As I mentioned 
earlier, I'm very busy and -" 

"Amaterasu is one of the Goa'uld that will be attending." Daniel shot 
out, not beating around the bush at all. 

"Amaterasu?" Jade looked up at Daniel, and memories of her time in the 
catacombs flashed before her, visions of Daniel as the imposing Suzano-oo 
also flickering in her mind. "So, that's why you're here." Jade smiled 
and nodded. "I forgot. I'm the one who knows about her." 

"Well, yeah." Daniel cleared his throat and looked over to Jade's desk, 
picking up a small scepter on her desk, looking at the symbols. "I - I do 
need your help. And..." Daniel lowered his voice as he looked at the 
scepter. "This is really something, is it Hungarian?" 

Jade turned to look at Daniel as she grabbed her PDA, her eyes narrowing 
as she tried to figure out what Daniel had been saying. "It's Russian. A 
rural dialect. It's almost Hungarian from the bad spelling. Took me three 
months to realize that it wasn't Hungarian. What else where you going to 
say?" 

"Hm?" Daniel looked up at Jade, and he put the scepter down, stuffing his 
hands into his pockets and rocking back on his heels. "What?" 

"Never... mind." Jade said, her gaze still locked on Daniel, the two of 
them beginning to grow steadily more uncomfortable. After a few moments, 
Jade finally turned away from Daniel and opened her PDA, clearing her 
throat. "Yeah, so, Amaterasu." 

Daniel nodded and took out a pen, grabbing his journal and opening it. 
"Yeah, Amaterasu. What can ya tell me?" 

"A lot." Jade hissed, and she began to tap through her PDA, rattling off 
information as she went. "It seems that she was both brother and husband 
to Suzano-oo, and she was imprisoned with her brother when the rest of 
the Shinto Lords opposed Ra's monopoly over the human slaves. They were 
immediately imprisoned via the sarcaphogus, and all of their territory 
managed to disappear from any cartouches or records." 

"How?" 

"Suzano-oo's tablet mentions something about all loyal Shinto J'affa 
carrying out some weird mission. Maybe they got rid of the records, and 
then killed themselves." 

"But, how'd Amaterasu manage to get out?" Daniel interjected, looking up 
from where he sat, recording notes. 

"Getting to that," Jade turned to look at Daniel, smirking a bit at his 
impatience. "About 500 years ago, according to the tablet I found in the 
catacombs, an unnamed Goa'uld freed Amatereasu on the same planet that we 
accidentally freed Suzano-oo on. This Goa'uld decided to win her 
alliance, probably with - " 

"Promises of her old territory." Daniel smiled and nodded as he wrote, 
Jade smiling as well as she continued. 

"Exactly. I'm guessing that she accepted and left Suzano-oo and the 
others in stasis, so she managed to rise into the minor leagues, as it 
were, of the Goa'uld. With the shifting around of power over the 
centuries, she's managed to stand on her own." Jade finally flipped her 
PDA shut and cleared her throat, stuffing her PDA in her pocket. "That 
last bit has been confirmed by Tok'ra intelligence before they decided to 
back out of an alliance, and they also have given us more information on 
her as well." Jade slid around her desk and grabbed the keyboard of her 
computer, typing in a series of key words and allowing a bio on Amaterasu 
pop up. "This is what the Tok'ra gave us." 

"Wow." Daniel sighed, nodding and looking up to the computer. 

                         *******************

Jade stood behind Dr. Weir and Daniel at the end of the ramp, watching as 
Daniel began to speak with the Goa'uld ambassadors, Jade's eyes on 
Amaterasu. The ambassador was beautiful, and the host that the woman had 
picked looked almost identical to the host in the depictions on the 
murals of the catacombs. 

"Allow me to introduce..." Dr. Weir began, only to be cut off by Camulus. 

"We are not interested in your name." 

"Really? I generally find it helps so much." 

Jade winced as she watched Amaterasu prepare to speak, knowing that 
nothing kind or helpful was going to come from her. 

"We prefer to present our offer," Amaterasu snapped. "So we can spend as 
brief a time as possible on this planet." 

With that, Dr. Weir led the Goa'uld ambassadors out of the Gate room, and 
Jade shook her head, shrugging to Daniel as he cast a glance back to her 
before beginning negotiations. 

                         *******************

Jade stood with the ambassadors as they all talked amongst themselves, 
the negotiations with Dr. Weir, the ambassadors and Daniel in a recess, 
and she turned to the two people she had gotten to be her assistants for 
helping with the "petty needs" of the Goa'uld, as Daniel and Teal'C had 
both once put it on separate occasions, and she watched as trays of food 
were brought before them. 

"Ambassadors, according to traditional aspects of cultures here on Earth, 
I've had food prepared for you." 

"Your idea of hospitality is pathetic at the best." Amaterasu sighed as 
she turned to look at the food on the table, just as Yu took a bite of 
something, spitting it out in disgust. 

"This is not fit for us!" Yu snapped, turning to Jade, knowing that she 
was the only servant here that he had. 

"Master Yu, I can assure you that you are being given the best food we 
have to offer." Jade switched her gaze over to Amaterasu, and she smiled 
slyly, trying to find a way of diffusing the angry atmosphere. "Of 
course, this is not the Takamagahara, so I understand that you must be 
used to many more servants and aides, Amaterasu-sama." 

Amaterasu snapped her head to look at Jade, and her eyes flashed white as 
she stared at Jade. 

"How dare you speak of my Mother's land!" Amaterasu put down the apple 
she had been about to eat, and she stepped closer to Jade, almost 
threateningly. "How do you know of these forbidden lands?" 

"Suzano-oo has told me of your family." 

"Impossible!" Camulus cut in from where he had been standing, Yu and Oshu 
also having begun to listen to the conversation. "Suzano-oo is dead!" 

"You lie, Camulus." Jade simply said, her gaze still on Amaterasu. 
"Suzano-oo was never killed. And Amaterasu knows it. Don't you, My Lady 
Sun?" 

Amaterasu glared at Jade, and then managed to collect herself after a few 
moments, the two women squaring off with smirks. "Perhaps you would like 
to speak with me when the negotiations are concluded? I could..." 
Amaterasu picked up the apple again. "I could clear up misconceptions you 
may have about my consort of long ago." 

"I would look forward to it." 

                         *******************

"You took them as political prisoners?" Jade snapped as she entered Dr. 
Weir's office, after having heard almost twenty minutes of Amaterasu's 
angry demands to be let out. Camalas was remarkably silent, but Yu had 
been fuming, as well as Oshu, his aide, and Jade had spent another ten 
minutes talking to Oshu about the situation. 

"Dr. Andros, they were planning to send a ship to test our defenses. This 
is the only way to call their bluff until we -" 

"This is absurd," Jade hissed, and she looked up to the sky, then looking 
back to Dr. Weir. "Where's Doctor Jackson? I'm not the diplomat, he is! 
The ambassadors use me for their needs, they won't listen to me for 
anything else. That was why I let them see the supposed "demonstration" 
of the outpost." 

"Doctor Jackson is currently off-world, with the Asgard, we believe." 

"Since when?" Jade sighed, trying to keep her temper in check. She had 
not slept in two days, having been constantly kept up by the needs of the 
ambassadors, and the last thing she needed to hear was that Daniel was 
off-world, leaving her to deal with the three ambassadors on her own. 
"Never mind. Dr. Weir, they're all furious. Each is demanding that they 
be freed, and each is saying they have more importance than the others." 

Dr. Weir looked up at Jade, and she cocked her head, considering her 
options. "Which of the ambassadors do you believe I should see?" 

"You're asking for my opinion?" Jade asked, and she reached a hand back, 
scratching the nape of her neck and sighing. "Well, judging by what each 
of them has says, your best bet would be Oshu. He wants to talk with you 
in a civilized manner. And then you should see Camulus. He says he has a 
proposal for you." 

Dr. Weir rose an eyebrow and nodded, looking to her and sighing. "Thank 
you. I'll talk to Oshu as soon as I can. In the meantime, I heard you had 
a bit of an altercation with Amaterasu while they were in recess." 

"Ah, yeah, before you dropped your mega-ton bomb about wanting to be a 
System Lord, Amaterasu and the others were complaining about the food. I 
referenced a piece of Japanese culture, and well, she wasn't thrilled 
about the fact that I knew all this information." 

"Well, I want you to keep talking to her. About anything, just keep her 
talking while I work on solving this." 

Jade took a deep breath and nodded, hoping that whatever Daniel was doing 
was more enjoyable than what she was. "Okay." 

                         *******************

"Amaterasu-sama, I trust that you're keeping yourself busy." Jade asked 
as she closed the door to Amaterasu's cell, looking at the Shinto 
Goddess. 

"I demand that you let me free!" Amaterasu growled, but then she realized 
that Jade didn't seem to care about her escape anyway. "I see that you do 
not plan on that any time soon." 

"Our government is trying to arrange a suitable agreement, but since your 
ship was destroyed by Baal, the Asgard are here, and other issues," Jade 
smiled and grabbed a chair, taking a seat in front of Amaterasu as the 
Goa'uld paced. "You won't be going anywhere anytime soon. So," Jade 
crossed one leg over the other. "How about we talk?" 

Amaterasu seemed to be considering the proposal, and she slowly turned to 
Jade, her blue kimono gleaming in the light. "You said that you had met 
Suzano-oo. That he was alive." Amaterasu rose an eyebrow, a slight smirk 
playing on her lips. "Why would you lie so blatantly?" 

"You surprise me, Lady Sun. You and I both know I tell the truth." Jade 
leaned closer, hoping she would be able to provoke Amaterasu into letting 
it slip. "He was put in a sarcaphogus, just like you and the other Shinto 
Lords. But, I freed him. In return, he helped me and my friends." Jade 
smiled and stood, rising to Amaterasu's level, her voice lowering to a 
whisper. "So, you tell me why you got out first." 

"I was freed by another System Lord, and as for how you know of my 
imprisonment," Amaterasu pushed Jade away, two guards from outside of the 
door rushing in as Amaterasu's voice rose to a loud bellow. "I will make 
sure you suffer for that knowledge!!" 

"Dr. Andros, you all right?" A guard asked, and Jade nodded, pushing the 
guards away slowly. 

"I'm fine." Jade smirked and looked to Amaterasu as she pushed a lock of 
hair out of her face. "Amaterasu, I will inform you when a new 
development has occurred." With that, Jade motioned to the guards and was 
escorted out of the cell. 

                         *******************

Jade smiled as she watched the different officers and members of SG teams 
begin to file away from the ramp to the Stargate, and out of the Gate 
room. She watched as Sam, Teal'C, Daniel and Jack conversed amongst 
themselves for a few minutes, and she turned as Walter tapped her on the 
shoulder. 

"Oh, hey, Walter. What can I do for you?" 

"Well, Dr. Andros, um, it's not for me, but after the Goa'uld were 
allowed to leave, Camulus asked me to give this to you." Walter handed 
Jade a small piece of stationary, from a small spiral pad that Jade had 
given him earlier, and she stared at it, slightly shocked, and she 
nodded. 

"Thanks, Walter." Jade slowly unfolded the piece of paper as she slowly 
made her way over towards the exit to the Gate room, reading the letter. 
It was written in Goa'uld, so it must have been from Camulus, but the 
letter didn't make sense to her. It was completely out of character for 
him, and Jade had a feeling that there was most likely a secondary 
motive. His letter thanked her for her help in guaranteeing his asylum, 
but also requested that she continue to keep in touch with him. At least, 
that was the jist of the letter... there was more flattery and... almost 
flirtation in the letter. Jade's blood drained from her face, and from 
the way he was talking, she couldn't help but feel threatened. Having a 
Goa'uld try to woo you was about as close to having a stalker as 
possible. 

"Hey, Jade, what are you still doing here?" 

Jade snapped her head up, and her breath caught as she focused on Sam's 
smiling and flushed face. "Oh, hey. Just wanted to," Jade smirked and 
quickly hid the letter in her pocket, crossing her arms over her chest. 
"Congradulate you. Colonel, huh?" Jade slowly tapped one of the new stars 
on the uniform, arching an eyebrow. "I dunno, *Colonel*, you gonna be 
able to walk with all those extra stars? All that weight?" 

"Oh, shut up." Carter chuckled, and Jade offered her hand, the two 
sharing a handshake as Daniel and Jack walked towards them, engrossed in 
conversation. 

"No, seriously, congrats." 

"Sam?" Daniel called, then noticing Jade, who quickly looked down to her 
feet as she grabbed the piece of paper in her pocket. "Oh, sorry. Um, 
Jack and I are gonna go eat, you wanna come?" 

Jade kept her eyes on the paper, even though she was partially focusing 
on the conversation around her. After scanning the letter again, she felt 
her blood chill at the thought that Camulus had kept interest in her. The 
last thing she wanted was for a Goa'uld lord to want her around. That 
probably meant a quick trip to being a host. 

"That's sounds good. Um, Jade, you want to join us?" Sam asked, smiling, 
but Jade took one look at Daniel and felt her pulse increase. While she 
would enjoy getting closer to them, she didn't know if she would be able 
to find anything of interest to offer to the conversation. 

"No, that's all right. I've got... work to do." She said, slipping the 
paper back in her pocket and clearing her throat. "I really should get on 
the stuff I found on our last mission. General," Jade turned to Jack, who 
had stuffed his hands in his pockets already. "Can I visit you in the 
morning to discuss my findings?" 

"Yeah, sure." Jack said with a smile, and Jade nodded, breezing past 
Daniel and the others, the paper nearly being crumpled in her hand as she 
tried to ease her beating heart. 

                         *******************

Jack sighed as he balanced a pencil on the bridge of his nose, thoroughly 
bored. So far, Walter had told him of his schedule, but he was still 
trying to adjust. //Another five minutes...// He kept telling himself. 
//Five more minutes...// He'd already met the Russian officer, and had 
found that amazingly annoying. 

A tentative knock at his door made Jack sigh and murmur "Come in" as he 
tried not to drop the pencil. 

"General?" Jade giggled as she caught sight of Jack with the pencil, and 
Jack chose that moment to lose control of his balancing act, the pencil 
tumbling into his lap. 

"Doctor Andros," Jack said smoothly, and Jade sighed as she walked in 
with a printout of her tablet translations and the other information she 
had deciphered. 

"General, I thought I told you to call me Jade." 

"Oh, yeah, you did." Jack said easily as he tossed the pencil in his hand 
over and over. "Sorry." 

"It's all right." Jade looked at Jack as he motioned for her to sit down, 
and she put her printouts on his desks as she sat down. "So, how do you 
like the new job?" 

"Eh," Jack shrugged, and Jade chuckled. "So," Jack continued, clapping 
his hands and rubbing them together. "What have you got for me?" 

"Well, General, I've got lots. It just depends on whether or not it's 
relevant or you feel like hearing it." 

"O...kay." Jack opened his mouth and then closed it again. "How about 
just stuff on Suzano-oo?" 

"Okay, well, there's a bunch. To start with, I figured out how he was 
able to control the weather on his planet. You remember the Touchstone, 
right? From your mission to - " 

"Yeah, I remember that thing. As I recall, we were accused of stealing it 
and had to find the damn thing." 

"That would be the one." Jade said, accenting her point with a tap of her 
finger on her nose. "Anyway, Suzano-oo was known for being able to create 
thunder and lightning with drums. Well, after working on this tablet I 
found on our mission, it seems that Suzano-oo left a sort of... guidebook 
to his rule. Not sure why, but he did. Anyway, I think the reason that he 
could control the weather was the samurai garb he was in. It serves as a 
touchstone in its own right, and depending on the moves he makes, the 
weather will change." Jade fished through her printouts as she continued 
talking. "He didn't say how or what controls the weather exactly, but 
that at least gives us a jumping point." 

"Are you saying that he could do this on other planets, too?" 

Jade grimaced and nodded as she continued. "Yeah. And it looks like he 
used to. Another bit of information that was in his tablet. Turns out at 
one point the Shinto Lords had conquered a total of thirty to forty 
worlds. Now," Jade sighed and grabbed the actual tablet from her pocket, 
holding it out and waving the purple page-turner over it. "This looks 
like a list of the planets, but I can't tell if it is or not because the 
language is unfamiliar to me." 

"Hm, well, have Daniel take a look at it and see what he can do." 

"Oh, I don't know about that, sir-" 

Suddenly, the alarm for gate travel went off, and Jade and Jack both 
stood, coming out of the office and making it to the control room. 

"Sir, what's Doctor Jackson doing?" Jade asked as she recognized Daniel 
at the base of the ramp with others from one of the SG teams. 

"Shut it down." Jack said to Walter, and before anyone realized it, 
Daniel had taken a person hostage, and was shooting at officers. 

                         *******************

Jade put her hands to her head as she groaned, opening her eyes. She 
didn't know what was going on, or where she was, but a few minutes had 
revealed that she was in the infirmary. 

"Um..." 

"Doctor Andros?" 

The voice above and to her side was just out of her sight, so Jade turned 
her head to see Teal'C standing there, looking like a sentry in battle. 

"Hey, there, Teal'C." Jade took a few seconds to look around, and she 
furrowed her brow, taking a deep breath. "What's going on?" 

"You were unfortunately possessed by Anubis, however the situation has 
since been resolved." Teal'C turned and rose an eyebrow as he spoke. "We 
were merely waiting for you to awaken." 

"We?" 

"Yeah." Sam piped in as she came out from behind Teal'C, smiling. "Hope 
you don't mind, but we've all come in to see how you were doing." 

"Who is 'all?'" Jade asked as she finally sat up, feeling her body still 
stiff. "Oh... ow." 

"Easy, Doc." Jack said as he walked into the infirmary, Walter behind him 
and trying to talk to him about several different issues at once. 
"Walter!" Jack snapped, putting his hand on Walter's shoulder. "Just... 
stop." 

"Yes, sir." 

"Once again I say, who is 'all?'" 

Sam smiled and shrugged, grabbing a chair and pulling it up to where Jade 
sat. "Well, let's see, Teal'C, the General, myself, Daniel's been here 
quite a few times, and your pals from SG-11 also stopped by." 

"Wait, SG-11?" 

"Yeah, two girls. Major Langford, and Captain...?" Sam looked up to 
Teal'C, who rose an eyebrow and looked down to Sam. 

"I believe it was Captain Osborne." Teal'C simply replied, and Sam 
nodded, looking back to Jade. 

"Yeah, okay..." Jade scratched the back of her head as she looked around 
for her PDA. "How did I get here?" 

"Well, you decided to play the part of "evil villianess meglomaniac" for 
the day," Jack replied as he took a gulp of coffee, then grimacing when 
he realized how horrible it tasted. "After Anubis left Daniel, he went to 
Evans, and then you. Thankfully, you didn't get very far before you 
literally ran into Teal'C, and he zat-ed you." 

Sam looked up at Jack's odd own created word, and Jack shrugged, 
continuing to talk. 

"We had to keep you sedated after that, cause you were a little more 
loopy than Daniel had been." 

"And here you are." 

Jade shook her head, and she winced. "Okay. I think I got that." 

"Jack, there you are. Geez, it takes forever to find you now - " Daniel 
was mumuring as he entered the infirmary, and he grabbed his firned and 
once teammate, pulling him to look at him. "I think I found something 
about Anubis that we can use." 

"Hey, Daniel," Sam said a little forcefully, and Daniel turned to look at 
her. "Look who's up." 

Daniel looked over at Jade and smiled, looking a little nervous. "Hey, 
glad to see you're up and about again." 

"Glad to see you're not trying to shoot up the Gate room." Jade shot 
back, and Daniel held his hands up. 

"Hey! Not my fault." He defended, and Jade chuckled, feeling the 
uneasiness that she had locked up while working with Daniel again slowly 
leaking out of her body. 

"Hey, Daniel, I want you to help Doc Andros out with her translating 
today. Okay, well, listen, I have things to do, being "The Man" now and 
all," Jack said, and he used that as a farewell as Walter began to talk 
rapidly to him again. 

"Teal'C, you hungry?" Sam asked, and she stood, grabbing Teal'C's arm and 
pulling him along. "Let's go get something to eat." 

Jade looked away from Daniel and grabbed her PDA off of the traycart next 
to her. 

"So, you feeling better?" Daniel asked, realizing that his friends had 
just abandoned him. 

"I feel like someone just threw a brick at my head, and I'm a little 
nauseous." 

"Sedatives can do that." Daniel replied with a shrug, and Jade looked up 
at him, motioning to the chair. 

"Go ahead and have a seat, if you want." Jade looked back down to her 
PDA, shaking her head as she reached over and grabbed the tablet as well. 
"Wow, I'm so foggy." 

"I'm sorry?" Daniel offered, shrugging. "So... um... what was it that you 
needed help with?" Daniel asked, clearing his throat as he tried to focus 
on whatever it was he wanted to grab. 

"No chit-chat, I see." Jade said quietly, and Daniel grabbed his pencil 
and journal, looking up at her, confused. 

"What was that?" 

"Nothing. Nevermind." Jade sighed. She seemed to enjoy digging herself 
into a deep pit of social ineptitude. "I need help with this set of 
characters. The characters almost look katakana, but the language is 
completely new to me. I think they're a list of the Shinto planets with 
their coordinates, but obviously, I'm not sure." Jade handed Daniel the 
tablet, and Daniel's eyes widened as he studied it. 

"Hm. That's interesting... I think... yeah," Daniel grabbed his journal 
and flipped through the pages, stopping and tapping his pencil on a 
passage. "Here it is. They're a combination of katakana and Runes." 

Jade's eyes widened as she looked from the tablet to the journal, and 
then chuckled. "I don't believe it. Runes. Norse runes." Jade put her 
hands to her forehead, shaking her head as Daniel began to examine the 
tablet more. "I can't believe I didn't see that." 

"Well, they're more elaborate than I thought at first. It's 
understandable that you wouldn't immediately pick them out." 

"Which means-" 

"I might be able to figure out what this says." 

                         *******************

"Now, are you sure these planets aren't going to be crawling with 
J'affa?" Jack asked as he looked to Sam, Daniel, Jade and Teal'C. When 
SG-1 had requested to have their briefing, Sam had asked that Jade be 
present, since she was the only person who knew Suzano-oo well, and had 
also been responsible for gathering all of the new information. 

"General, these planets were nearly wiped from Ra's records. We know 
they're not from the Abydos cartouche, or the Ancient knowledge. That's 
because those planets either didn't have Stargates, or when Ra trapped 
them, they hid their own planets." 

"Hid them?" 

"Sir, if you don't have coordinates to the gate, you can't find it." Jade 
picked up her printout, then saw that Jack seemed unconvinced. "Suzano-oo 
left these tablets in hope that he would be free. That way, he'd have all 
of the information, and could erase all records except this of his 
territory." Jade turned to look at Daniel, hoping he would help her out, 
and Daniel adjusted his glasses, turning to look at Jack. 

"Jack, these planets are probably only inhabited by locals who were 
brought there as slaves. It's been over two thousand years since any 
Goa'uld or J'affa has touched the planet." 

"O'Neill, the coordinates that Daniel Jackson has shown me were 
unfamiliar. I was never taught to remember those, which means that the 
System Lords have not found those planets yet." 

Jack looked to Sam, who shrugged. "Sir, we can handle it. It's just 
recon." 

Jack put a hand to his head, and he nodded. "Okay, go ahead. You ship out 
at 0900 tomorrow." 

                         *******************

Jade took a deep breath as she and SG-1 watched as the MALP went through 
the gate to the first of the planets once belonging to Suzano-oo. 

"Receiving MALP telemetry now... atmosphere stable, and no visual signs 
of civilization." Sam said as she looked to Jack, who was watching the 
screen as well. "It's a nice temperature as well. It seems to be midday, 
and the MALP says it's at a nice 60 degrees." 

                         *******************

Jade checked her watch and then reached into her pocket, grabbing a mint 
and popping it in her mouth as the rest of SG-1 joined her in the Gate 
room. She'd put her long brown hair into a ponytail and had threaded that 
through the gap at the back of her cap. 

"I hate mornings." Jade murmured as she looked to Sam, who simply 
shrugged as she checked her weapons. Looking up at Daniel, she felt her 
heart jump as he met gazes with her, and she smiled. "You ready, Doctor 
Jackson?" She asked, and Daniel nodded, smiling back to her. 

Over the sound of Walter counting down the Chevrons, Jade closed her eyes 
and cleared her mind, her heart pounding as she waited for the gate to 
engage. She couldn't wait to see what she would find on the other side. 
She just hoped that it would be relatively safe. The rush of wind and 
power as the gate engaged made Jade flinch like she always and look up at 
the gate, opening her eyes to watch the blue portal ripple before them. 

"SG-1, you have a go." Jack said, and Jade could hear in Jack's voice 
just how odd it was for him to say that. 

With that, Sam turned to Jade and they all marched up the ramp and 
through the gate. 

                         *******************

Jade nearly fell over as she stumbled out of the gate, and she looked 
around as the gate shut off behind her. 

"Wow..." Jade whispered, and she gasped as she watched her own breath fog 
before her. "Okay, my mint isn't that cold." She quipped, and she looked 
to Daniel and the others. "Colonel, what was that about a nice 60 
degrees?" Jade asked as her teeth began to chatter from the cold. 

"The rotation of the planet and its orbit around its sun must be faster 
than we thought." Sam called back, and she took a few steps closer just 
as snow began to fall, and she looked up, seeing that the sun was already 
setting. "We need to dial home and tell the General. Daniel, dial us up. 
Andros, if you want to do any research, now's the time." 

"R-Right." Jade responded, and she walked a few yards from where Sam and 
Teal'C stood next to the MALP, waiting for Daniel to finish dialing. A 
blast of wind nearly knocked her off of her feet, and she rubbed her 
hands along her arms, hoping to warm up as she looked around. 

"Damn!" Daniel snapped from where he stood, and the others turned to look 
at Daniel. 

"What is it?" Sam asked, and Daniel looked up to Sam, motioning for her 
to come forward. 

"Can't you feel it? The controls are jammed! I can't get them to depress! 
Did this happen to you when you and Jack found the other gate?" Daniel 
asked, and Sam shook her head, reaching down to look at the power supply. 

"Daniel, look! The power supply is missing!" 

"If we can't dial out - " Daniel turned and looked at Jade, the now 
blizzarding snow nearly obscuring his vision. "Jade! Can you see any 
shelter?" 

"I'm not sure!" Jade screamed back, and she looked at the direction she 
was facing, and she took another few steps in that direction. "I think 
there's a cave or some sort of large rock formation!" 

"Teal'C, Daniel, let's go!" Sam ordered, and the three of them began to 
jog towards Jade. Jade kept walking towards the rock formation, and in a 
few moments, they had made their way up to the formation, and Daniel was 
running his hands along the surface of the rocks, trying to find a 
crevice or entrance. His hands rested on a gap about the size of his 
head, and he grabbed his flashlight, shining the beam through it. 

"Sam, the whole thing is hollow! I think it's a network of caves leading 
into that mountain range!" Daniel shouted over the howling winds and he 
pointed to the large mountain above them. Reaching into the gap, Daniel 
pulled another large stone away, and it thudded onto the thin layer of 
snow on the cold earth. Soon, the entire team was rapidly trying to move 
the right stones out of the way, and Sam finally pulled away and backed 
up, motioning to Daniel and Jade. 

"Okay, let's go. Jade, you first." 

Jade nodded and slid in headfirst, slowly worming through and tumbling 
into the cave. She scrambled towards the wall of the pitch dark cave as 
Daniel began to also slide into the cave, and she fished for her 
flashlight, finding it and flipping it on in time to swing the beam 
around, seeing that the cave was about twelve to fourteen feet wide, and 
that it was in fact a series of tunnels as well, which seemed to lead in 
the genreal direction of the cave. After a moment, she heard Daniel roll 
over into the cave, and he came to a halt in front of her. With a deep 
breath and a cough from the dust he'd inhaled, Daniel pushed himself up 
and got to his feet, seeing that the cave was only about as tall as 
himself. 

"Teal'C, watch your head." Daniel called as Sam slid in and then Teal'C 
came in feet-first, almost as if just to be different. When Teal'C stood, 
he nearly bumped his head on the ceiling, but he simply continued to look 
at the floor while Jade stood and looked around. 

"Daniel, are these caves natural or -" 

"They might be natural, but people were here recently." Jade hissed as 
she pointed with her flashlight, showing the remains of a small fire, 
ashes and a small log that had a few ants crawling on it. "I hate bugs." 
She murmured, and she shuddered, turning. "And look - " Jade showed a 
small part of the cave wall, and she smiled. "Cave drawings." 

"Okay, Daniel, Teal'C, I want you two to got back out there long enough 
to get wood and come back. Set up camp here. Jade, come with me. Let's go 
see if we can find these people." 

Jade nodded, and she pulled off her cap long enough to push her hair out 
of her eyes a bit, then replacing the cap. "Yes, ma'am." 

                         *******************

"How far do you think we are from the others?" Jade asked as she ran her 
flashlight beam along the wall of the cave tunnel they were in. 

"I can't be sure. But, we've walked at least a mile so far." Sam replied 
as she held out her monitoring equipment. "I'm getting some serious heat 
readings up ahead of us, though." 

"Couldn't be people, could it?" 

"Oh, no. It's way too hot." Sam shook her head and looked up, still only 
seeing a stifling black tunnel ahead of them. 

"Should we turn around?" Jade asked, even though she was walking closer, 
the slowly rising temperature much more enjoyable than the freezing cold 
caves. 

"Not yet. Let's see if it's a fire or if it's something else." 

Jade nodded in response, and the two of them continued to walk along the 
tunnels, feeling the cold of the winter outside start to disappear to 
warmer temperatures. 

"Here." Sam said after a few moments of silent travel. "It's ahead of us. 
I wonder what it is." 

"I can't see anything. What do you think?" 

"I have a feeling that I know what it is," Sam began, and she wiped sweat 
off of her brow. "And I don't like my suspicions." 

Suddenly, there was loud hiss and what sounded like some sort of 
concussive explosion, and Jade and Sam were both thrown to opposite walls 
of the tunnel as the ground literally disappeared ahead of them, a geyser 
having gone off below them, hot steam having plowed through the rock 
below them. For a moment, as the geyser's steam disappeared, Sam and Jade 
stood in shaky silence, both hoping that it was over. Unfortunately, 
another explosion rocked behind them, and Jade and Sam were thrown from 
the crumbling rock, the two plummeting below towards the geysers. 

                         *******************

"Incoming traveler," Walter announced over the intercomm as Jack came 
careening into the control room. "We're receiving a message. It's in 
Goa'uld." 

"Damn. Get... um," Jack almost said Daniel and then sighed as he 
remembered that Daniel wasn't there. "Get someone who can read Goa'uld 
down here now." 

"Yes, sir." 

Within a few minutes, Jack was watching as one of the many linguists on 
base was busy translating the message on a piece of paper. 

"General, it's the Goa'uld Amaterasu. She's demanding that she be given 
an audience with..." The linguist looked up, perplexed by the wording of 
the message. "With Dr. Andros." 

"Oh, man." Jack winced, and he turned away, walking to his office. 

                         *******************

Jade's first sensation was pain. Something felt seriously wrong, and it 
hurt like hell. 

"Oh, God!" She choked, crying out as she opened her eyes, surprised to 
see that she was still alive. Jade looked around feverishly, trying to 
ascertain her location and situation, and she gasped as she watched a 
geyser of steam rocket into the air a few feet in front of her. Jade 
winced and she turned her gaze, hoping to see something of use, but 
finding that her vision was fading in and out of focus. She first saw 
Colonel Carter, who was taking off her uniform jacket and looking around. 
"Colonel!" Jade moaned, finally managing to make her arms move, and she 
pushed herself up enough to lean against the rock wall behind her, and 
she yelped, grabbing at her leg. 

"Doctor, hang on!" Sam ordered, standing and rushing to Jade, her 
equipment pack in her hand. "Stop, don't move! Your leg's broken!" 

"Oh, God, it hurts." Jade whimpered, and Sam knelt down, putting her 
hands on Jade's shoulders. 

"I know it does. Listen, you have to calm down. Just, stop moving, and it 
won't hurt as bad." Sam watched as Jade stopped squirming, aside from the 
fact that the linguist was biting her lip and trying to contain her 
whimpering. "Can you let me put a splint on it? I have to set it, or 
there's no way you'll be able to function long enough to find a way out." 

Jade looked at Sam with tear-filled eyes, but she nodded and took a deep 
breath. "Okay, do it." 

Sam nodded and scooted back a few feet, taking out numerous supplies, 
feeling that this situation was all-too-familiar. However, instead of the 
crevasse of a glacier, they were in between two geysers, and it was 
getting hot. It would probably be too hot for them within hours, unless 
they could get some sort of help. 

"Are you okay?" Jade inquired, looking to Sam. 

"My jacket got caught on an outcropping as we fell, so I jostled myself 
free and slid from the wall. I think I've got a bit of a concussion, but 
I'll be okay." Sam pointed to scattered bones along the cave's floor. "We 
were lucky." 

"Where are we?" Jade asked with a hiss as Sam began to work on Jade's 
leg. 

"When the geysers erupted, they blew apart the cave's floor, and we fell 
into this hollow area. We're between the geysers. I'm pretty sure the 
cave's floor was artificial," Sam began to work a little more forcefully 
on Jade's leg, and the younger woman gulped as tears stung her eyes. "The 
people would've had to be pretty advanced, too." Sam knew from having 
done this to O'Neill before that the best way to work was to keep the 
injured talking. "What do you think? Any people?" 

"I think you're right about it being artificial." Jade hissed, motioning 
up to the cave wall in front of her and above them. "There's something up 
there, but I can't make out what it is. If I could stand - Oh, my God!" 
Jade whimpered as Sam began to set the leg, and tears streaked down her 
face, fiery pain streaking up her leg and into her hip. 

"If you could stand..." 

"If I could stand, I would be able to record what I think they are, and 
there might be a way of getting back up- Colonel, that hurts!" Jade 
snapped, and she pounded a fist into the ground. 

"I'm sorry! I'm done," Sam gasped, looking up to Jade. "Doctor, tell you 
what." She put her hand on Jade's arm as Jade gasped for air, the pain 
beginning to fade. "Call me Sam." 

"So long as you call me Jade, and not Doctor." Jade murmured as her 
breath began to even out. 

"Sounds like a deal." Sam said, smiling weakly. "So long as you relax and 
let your leg rest. You can get up later." 

"Okay..." Jade sighed. 

                         *******************

"All right, sir." Jack sighed as he paced back and forth behind his desk. 
"No, sir, I don't want her back here, I don't care what her reasons are! 
She's a Goa'uld, and a traitorous one, at that! The last time she was 
here, we - " Jack stopped as the President continued to talk in Jack's 
ear, and Jack nodded more to himself, ceasing in the pacing as he leaned 
his free hand on his desk. "Yes, sir. I understand. I'll send the 
message... but, understand that I am *very* against this. Yes, sir." Jack 
sighed and put the phone down, just as Walter stopped at the doorway, 
knocking lightly as Jack waved him in. "Goodbye, sir." Jack slowly put 
the red phone headset down and he looked at Walter. 

"What did the President say, sir?" 

"He wants us to bring Amaterasu in, and put her under lock and key until 
SG-1 gets back." Jack crossed his arms and took a seat. "Go ahead and 
send the message, Walter." 

                         *******************

Daniel brushed the snow off of his hair as he slid back into the cave, 
having shoved plenty of firewood into the cave overe the past two hours. 
Teal'C came in right behind him, and Daniel looked off to the cave tunnel 
that Jade and Sam had disappeared through over two hours ago. 

"Should not Colonel Carter and Doctor Andros be waiting here?" 

"I dunno." Daniel murmured, and he took a seat on the cold stone below 
them, beginning to set up wood for a fire. "They shouldn't have been gone 
this long, unless they're lost or something." This thought did not 
comfort Daniel at all, and he tried not to concentrate on the thought, 
instead occupying himself with finding matches. He grabbed some of the 
few twigs they had found, and then grabbed some of the only wood that had 
dried out while Teal'C and himself had been gone. "We just need to give 
them some time. You'll want to sit down, Teal'C, the smoke's going to 
rise to the top of the room, and the only hole it can escape is the way 
we came." 

Teal'C nodded and took a seat on the ground as well, reaching into his 
pack and looking for supplies. "There appear to be perhaps three days of 
supplies left." 

"That's good, providing that we can survive the night." Daniel commented 
as he struggled to light the twigs and branches, only managing to singe 
his fingers. "Ow!" Annoyed with conventional methods, Daniel looked to 
Teal'C, who simply removed his zatgun and fired a shot into the wood, the 
fire exploding into flames from the electricity. "Woah!" Daniel flew 
back, and he grabbed a log, tossing it into the small fire. "G-Good 
idea." He looked to Teal'C, adjusting his glasses. 

Teal'C simply nodded and sat up straight, closing his eyes and breathing 
deeply. 

"Good idea." Daniel said, and he sat back as well, grabbing his pack and 
using it as a pillow while he huddled into his jacket. 

                         *******************

"Can you tell what it is?" Sam asked as she walked up to Jade, having 
been working on taking out their supplies and situating themselves until 
they could find rescue or escape. 

"I'm recording it... but, it's really high up, and I can barely make it 
out." 

"Don't you -" 

"It broke on the fall." Jade finished at the unfinished suggestion, 
knowing that Sam probably was going to ask about a telescope. "I think 
I've got it... but, no matter what language this is, the symbols are 
worn, faded, and I'm not sure if they're even Japanese. I know they're 
Asian, though." 

"Good." Sam said, and she took a deep breath, looking up and around, 
scratching an itch on the back of her neck, now clad only in her tank top 
and her pants, the geysers surrounding them going off every forty-five 
minutes or so, at least, that's how the first interval had been. She 
looked up towards the tunnels that they had fallen from, and she shook 
her head, only able to see blackness above them. "I can't even see where 
we came from. How are we going to get out?" 

"I'm not sure." Jade said, then winced as she felt her leg protest to the 
fact that she'd been standing for over twenty minutes, even though she 
had been leaning on a wall. "Oh, c'mon," She murmured to herself. "Just 
another minute." 

"You all right?" 

"My leg just wants to rest, but I've only got one more line to record. 
It's just - " Jade looked up, and for a moment, she thought that the 
lines were blurry again, and she couldn't make them out. After a second, 
she looked down and closed her eyes, rubbing them with her fingers before 
looking back up, seeing that the lines were clear again. 

"Jade?" Sam asked quietly, having noticed that the woman was having 
problems. 

"It's nothing. I -" Jade cut herself off long enough to finish scribbling 
the line quickly, wanting it to be on paper before she couldn't see that 
far away anymore. "I'm done. I'm just tired." As Jade spoke, she felt a 
wave of dizziness settle over her, and everything completely pitched 
sideways, finding vertigo wasn't helping at all. 

Suddenly, the ground below them shook again, and Sam leaned on the wall 
as the geysers shot off again on either side of them. Jade lost her 
balance, and she crumpled to the floor, landing on her good leg, but 
jostling her broken one just as badly. 

"Oh, Jesus, Mary, Joseph, and all the Saints above..." Jade wheezed, 
grasping at her leg and sobbing, feeling dizzy and having a headache. 

"Jade, you okay?" 

"Sam, I just fell and I have a broken leg!" Jade yelped, clawing at the 
stone floor, trying to get to the wall so she could fix her position. "No 
offense, but I'm *not* okay!" 

"Okay, Jade, lemme help you." Sam replied as she stood unsteadily, and 
then went to Jade, pulling her over to the wall and helping her sit up. 
"You better?" 

"No..." Jade mumbled as she finally looked at Sam, seeing that Sam looked 
blurry. "I feel like I'm gonna lose my lunch." 

Sam grimaced and scooted back, trying to talk to Jade. "Anything else?" 

"Sam, I think I have a concussion." Jade put one hand to her head, trying 
to clear her head. "My vision's getting blurry, and I'm nauseous. If it's 
severe, I might - " 

"I know, you could start babbling. Auditory and visual hallucinations." 
Sam's mind flashed back to her own experience being caught on the 
Prometheus with a severe concussion as well, and she hoped that this 
wouldn't turn into a similar situation for Jade. 

"Ding-ding." Jade said lightly, even though she was starting to sound 
weak, as if she was tired. "Listen, I need to translate this. But, I 
can't figure it out if I fall asleep from my damn injuries." 

"Well, tell you what, I'll talk, then you reply. Then, keep working." 

"Sounds good." Jade nodded, and then stopped, moaning as the pressure in 
her head protested. "Geez..." Jade grabbed her pen and looked at the 
characters, seeing that they were coming into focus. "Well, I'm not sure 
what these are. They might be Japanese, but they don't look like it. They 
look... I don't know." Jade winced and tried to choke back tears. "God, 
if only I could think straight..." 

"Too bad Daniel's not here to help." Sam murmured as she took a seat next 
to Jade, offering Jade a piece of an energy bar and then deciding against 
it, thinking that Jade didn't need anything solid, considering she 
probably wouldn't be able to keep it down. 

"Yeah, sure, whatever..." Jade said back, not realizing that her voice 
had held a note of acidity. 

Sam looked to Jade, and she rose an eyebrow, a little confused by Jade's 
actions. "What's wrong? You have a problem with Daniel?" 

"No, I think he just has a problem with me." Jade simply replied, bending 
her free knee and writing on the piece of paper possibilities of 
languages. 

"What makes you say that?" 

"He avoided me after our first mission, and I figured it was just that he 
wasn't interested in a friendship with *just another linguist*. I mean," 
Jade put down the paper for a moment, turning to face Sam. "Let's face 
it. Doctor Jackson's the local celebrity of the SGC, and thanks to him, 
all of us civilians have jobs. I'd be stupid to not want to work with 
him, and get to know him. I guess..." Jade found her mind blurring again. 
"I guess I was stupid for thinking that I was any more priviledged than 
anyone else. So, I went to visit John, come back, and he still avoids me 
and can't string two sentences together." 

"Jade," Sam said, sighing and trying to decipher what exactly it was that 
she was telling her. "Daniel's like that. He's always a bit nervous. And 
as for him avoid you," Sam shook her head. "He's always a bit cautious 
about forming friendships. Or any kind of relationship for that matter." 
Sam looked at Jade, only to see that Jade was beginning to nod off, and 
Sam's eyes widened as she shook the woman awake. "Jade, you can't sleep! 
C'mon, wake up! We need to get out of here." 

Jade coughed and nodded, waking up. "What? Sorry... I'll work on it." 

Whether or not Jade had heard what Sam had said about Daniel, Sam 
couldn't know. 

                         *******************

Daniel blinked his eyes somewhat stupidly as he woke up, checking his 
watch and seeing that he'd only been asleep for about an hour. Then 
again, it wasn't late, and he had slept well the previous night, so he 
wouldn't have been that tired. Teal'C was still performing Kel-No-Reem - 
or sleeping sitting up, Daniel couldn't figure out which - across the way 
from him, and Daniel looked around the small cave, seeing that the smoke 
was slowly being filtered out through the hole from which they had come. 
As he looked around, he realized that Jade and Sam were still gone, and 
he furrowed his brow. Three hours, and they were still not there. 
Snapping his fingers, he grabbed his radio and clicked it on. 

"Sam? Sam, it's Daniel? Where are you?" No answer except static, and 
Daniel took a deep breath, trying again. "Sam? Doctor Andros? Can you 
hear me?" Still no answer, and Daniel put the radio down, putting his 
hand to his head. They weren't answering, and unfortunately, there was 
nothing he could really do about it, and so he tried to find something 
else to do while they were waiting. As Daniel continued to glance around 
the room, he tossed another log onto the fire, his gaze falling onto the 
cave drawings that Jade had pointed out earlier. Standing and trying to 
stay under the smoke, Daniel walked over to the drawings and began to 
examine them. The picture depicted a set of what looked like huts with 
women covered in elaborate clothes, their faces covered from the nose 
down. He knew that they were extremely familiar, but he couldn't seem to 
place where exactly he had seen that before. Then, as he turned and 
noticed another group of pictures, which were of a group of men on 
horseback as they attacked a group of what looked like samurai. 

"Oh, God... Huns..." 

                         *******************

"It's Mongolian." Jade whispered as she finally broke the code between 
the language. "I can't believe I missed that earlier... but, this is 
pretty early, too." 

"Mongolian?" 

"Specifically, the Huns. The inscription reads: 'To defy the sacred law, 
may your horses die and may your children starve. To walk on air brings 
death: Look to the holy power below.'" Jade plopped the paper in her hand 
onto the floor. "Total waste. I don't believe this. Pretty much, if you 
tried to cross the bridge, the geysers'll kill you." 

"What was that first part about?" Sam asked as she yawned, realizing that 
she was tired as well, but that she didn't have that luxury. 

"Well, the Huns didn't have much of a law. Pretty much, they thought 
'What's yours is mine, and what's mine is *also* mine.'" Jade shook her 
head. "The only thing I can think of is... if this is one of Suzano-oo's 
planets... it could have been for exiles or prisoners. The Huns were 
conquerors, and were known for trying to take over China, as well as 
trying to raid Japan several times." Jade put her hands to her mouth and 
yawned. "The Shinto Lords must have taken the slaves of other Goa'ulds 
and imprisoned them here." 

"A prison planet..." Sam shook her head, trying to figure out why this 
seemed so familiar. 

                         *******************

"Daniel Jackson." Teal'C rumbled as he looked over to Daniel, as Daniel 
tried to jostle his memory. He knew plenty about the Huns, but something 
else about this drawing was bothering him. 

"Teal'C, help me out. Does any of this look familiar?" Daniel motioned 
for Teal'C to join him, and Teal'C stood, then keeping low so he could 
meet Daniel. 

"Indeed it does, Daniel Jackson. I believe we have encountered a similar 
civilization." Teal'C looked to Daniel. "On one of the very first 
missions we were assigned to. Colonel Carter was kidnapped and sold into 
slavery." 

"You're right. We're on a planet like that one." 

"Fascinating." Teal'C assessed, raising an eyebrow. 

At that moment, however, there was a radio crackling, and Jack's voice 
filtered over the comm system. 

"SG-1, do you copy? Carter? Daniel? Teal'C?" Daniel paused, long enough 
to see if Sam replied, but after Jack's second inquiry of their names, 
Daniel picked up the radio, clicking it on. 

"Jack, it's Daniel." 

"Daniel, where's Carter? What's goin' on?" 

"Jack, we need a portable power supply for the DHD. But, not for a few 
more hours. The planet was at below freezing temperatures by the time 
that we made it through the Gate. Not only was the DHD frozen, the power 
supply was missing. We'll have to manually dial unless we can find a 
power supply." 

"Okay. We'll send you a portable supply for the DHD in another three or 
four hours." 

"There's something else, Jack." Daniel interjected, not really wanting to 
bring it up by knowing he should. "Sam and Jade have gone missing. They 
left three hours ago to look around the caves we took shelter in, but 
they're not answering comms." 

"Next time, I'm sending you guys with SG-3. Geez... Daniel, keep looking 
for them, you'll get the power supply when you need it. O'Neill out." The 
transmission cut, and Daniel sighed, putting his hands to his head. 

"Wonderful." 

                         *******************

"Wonderful." Jack murmured after the Stargate disengaged, and he turned 
to Walter. "Have a portable power supply ready for SG-1 within the hour, 
and I want it sent through in three hours. Exactly." Jack watched as 
Walter nodded, and Jack held his fingers up, just to be sure. "Wait, I 
want you to watch the word coming out of my mouth. Ex-ac-tly." 

"Yes, sir." 

As Walter turned to leave, the phone in the control room rang, and the 
technician to Jack's left tapped him on the shoulder, and Jack took the 
phone. 

"O'Neill." 

"General, Amaterasu is... being uncooperative. She is demanding to speak 
with Doctor Andros." 

"Or what?" 

"Sir?" 

"Well, if she's demanding, there's got to be an 'or else' attached to it? 
So, what is she threatening?" Jack explained, wishing that SG-1 was 
already back from the mission, not stuck on the ball of ice. 

"Well, sir, nothing so far." 

"Then tell her to wait. Tell her we don't have Doctor Andros yet, and if 
she doesn't like it, she needs to shut up and sit down, or find something 
that makes her needs important." 

"Um... yes... sir." 

Jack hung up the phone and ran his hands through his short hair, sighing. 
"Okay, any more questions or comments?" 

                         *******************

"Sorry..." Jade whispered, her eyes filled with tears as she blurredly 
looked ahead of both her and Sam, having drifted off and waking up again. 

Sam turned to look at Jade, seeing that the concussion had finally begun 
to take full effect on Jade, and that she wasn't in her right mind. 
"Jade? You okay?" 

"Sorry, Sam. It's my fault..." Jade sighed, looking at what must have 
been an imaginary Sam standing before them. "I had to join your team, had 
to push the issue, and we're gonna die down here... because of me." 

"Jade, listen to me, you're wrong. It's not your fault." Sam tried to 
keep Jade's attention, but it didn't seem to be working that well, and 
Sam cursed under her breath as Jade continued to look past her. 

"I know that there had to be a way out, but I can't find it. I'm not 
worth even caring about... stop trying to care about what happens to me." 
Jade babbled, and she blinked, Sam able to see that her eyes weren't even 
focused. Jade seemed to hear something from the imaginary Sam, and she 
chuckled, shaking her head. "You're a good person, Sam. Just because you 
care doesn't mean Doctor Jackson does... just go... save yourself... 
you'll all be better for it... and Doctor Jackson won't have a fan-girl 
around..." 

"Jade, you're not a fan-girl!" Sam countered, hoping she could get the 
attention of the linguist long enough to break her out of the auditory 
and visual hallucinations, but it didn't seem to be working. "I told you 
that he's not avoiding you! And if you die, you're not going to be able 
to help anyone." Sam shook her head, and she clamped her hands onto 
Jade's shoulders. "C'mon, Jade, listen to me." 

"I'm so tired, Sam..." Jade murmured, and she must have heard something 
else from the other Sam. "Take the supplies and go... tell Doctor Jackson 
I'm sorry I bothered him... and tell the General..." Jade smiled 
stupidly. "He can have my pens to balance on his nose... they probably 
balance better..." 

"Jade! Dammit! Jade, stay awake!" Sam yelped, the heat having made her 
irritable and emotional. "*Jade*!" 

                         *******************

Daniel swung the flashlight around as he looked through the dark tunnels, 
hoping to find Sam and Jade, Teal'C at his side. 

"-mit! Jade, stay awake!" Sam's voice echoed through the tunnels ahead of 
them, and Daniel and Teal'C exchanged glances, the two rushing forward. 

"*Sam*!!" Daniel shouted, looking around feverishly for the two. 
"*Jade*!!" 

"Colonel Carter!! Doctor Andros!" Teal'C also bellowed, and they heard 
Sam's voice reply from up ahead. 

"Teal'C? Daniel? If you're there, watch out! We're trapped in a pit!" 

Daniel and Teal'C continued running until Daniel almost fell off into the 
gap himself, Teal'C pulling him back up by the back of his jacket. 

"Sam! Jade!" Daniel shouted, laying down and leaning over the edge, 
seeing the two trapped in the pit. 

"Daniel! Get back!" Sam shouted back as she looked quickly to her watch. 
"The geysers are about to go off!" 

Daniel stood and backed up about a foot, and at that moment, the geysers 
shot off, making the ground rumble and steam screaming into the air 
before them. 

"Hang on, Sam!" Daniel turned to Teal'C. "We've got to pull them up." 

"I believe there may be rope in your pack." Daniel nodded and turned away 
from Teal'C, the J'affa quickly removing rope from the survival kit, and 
they unfurled it, sending it down and realizing that it didn't make it. 

"Damn!" Daniel motioned to Teal'C, who retrieved a second rope from his 
own pack, and they had to attach the extra length. "Okay, Sam!" 

"Take Jade first! She broke her leg, and she's got a severe concussion!" 
Sam shouted even as she took the extra rope, tying it around Jade's waist 
and helping her grab ahold of the rope. "Pull her up!" Sam ordered, and 
Jade was hauled up, somewhat painfully for Daniel and Teal'C, who had 
gone from freezing to sweltering in a few minutes. 

                         *******************

"You like getting injured, Doc?" Jack sighed as he joined Jade in the 
infirmary, where she now had her leg in a cast going up to her mid-thigh, 
and she looked a little dazed still. 

"Not my fault." Jade said, blinking and trying to sit up a little, her 
head now clear thanks to sleep and time. "Where's Sam?" 

"She's already working with Daniel on something about Anubis." 

"That's good." Jade replied, smiling and putting her hand to her head. 
"Sir, I'm sorry that we couldn't find anything of use... and sorry about 
the leg." 

"Hey, at least you're gonna be okay," Jack said, clapping his hands 
together and rocking back and forth on his feet. "Listen, I know this 
isn't a good time with you being immobile and all, but Amatereasu's here 
and wants to talk with you." 

"You brought her back?" Jade tried to shoot up in her bed, and then 
winced, leaning back down again. "May I ask why?" 

"Kinda hopin' you could tell me, considering she asked for you." 

"Suzano-oo." Jade simply replied, looking around and trying to see if she 
could have crutches or something. "I'll bet you anything I peaked her 
curiosity, and now she knows he's out." 

"Lovely..." Jack sighed, and he scratched his head. "Well, when you're up 
and about, I want you to talk to her and see what she wants. Then, I want 
you to take a few weeks off. Let your leg heal." 

"No, sir, my leg's fine, I -" 

"Andros, it's broken. I want you to let it heal." 

With a sigh, Jade nodded, and put her hand to her head. "Yes, General. I 
will." 

                         *******************

"Amaterasu, pardon the leg, but I'm afraid that I am somewhat 
incapacitated at the moment." Jade said as she teetered into the cell 
where Amaterasu was being held. 

"Your feeble efforts to avoid me have only resulted in angering me 
further." 

"No, seriously, I've been off-world and I broke my leg. So, either 
believe me or don't. What are you here for?" Jade came forward a few more 
steps. "I don't have a lot of time. So, let's go. To the point." 

"You told me that Suzano-oo is alive, and I have found that his 
sarcophagus was empty. However, he was gone." Amaterasu stepped closer to 
Jade, her eyes flashing. "Where is he? You have the knowledge." 

"Actually, no, I don't know." Jade snapped, and she shook her head. 
"Sorry, Amaterasu, but you're out of luck. Now, if you'll excuse me -" 

"You lie!" Amaterasu shouted, and she grabbed Jade by the collar. 

"Guards! Someone!" Jade yelped, hearing the door open and guards rush in. 

"Hey! Let her go!" Daniel shouted as the guards all trained their guns on 
Amaterasu, and Amaterasu whirled Jade around, grabbing the gun from 
Jade's side and holding it to Jade's neck. 

"One step further, and I will kill her." Amaterasu snarled. "Drop your 
weapons and let us pass." 

"Would just shoot her already?" Jade snapped, and she felt the gun press 
up against her neck harder, and she yelped. "So much for time off!" 

"Amaterasu, let her go." Daniel urged again, but Amaterasu urged Jade 
closer, his resolve faltering slightly. "She's no good to you." 

"On the contrary, Tau'uri, she is of much use to me. Now, put your 
weapons down, or she dies." 

Daniel slowly began to let go of his handgun, letting it hang off of one 
finger and then dropping it. He flicked his gaze to one of the guards. 
"Get the General." 

"Yes, and tell him to dial the Stargate to the planet from which I came." 

"No way, Amaterasu. He won't let you go - " Jade began, only for the gun 
to be prodded again into her throat. 

Daniel and the two guards began to back away from the door, and Amaterasu 
went through the doorway, Jade still before her acting as a shield. 
Keeping her back to the wall, Amaterasu slowly made her way to the gate 
room, threatening Jade's life every time she passed a guard. Soon, she'd 
made her way to the gate room, but Jack hadn't dialed in yet, so 
Amaterasu looked to the gate, her eyes flashing. 

"Do not tempt your own planet's fate, Tau'uri. Dial the gate to the 
coordinates I came from, or I will kill her and everyone else in this 
room." 

"You don't have any more weapons, Amaterasu, what do you think you're 
going to do?" Daniel tried to negotiate, but Amaterasu held the gun up 
and fired a shot, then placing the hot barrel back to Jade's neck. 

"Daniel, remember the tablet! She probably has weather control, too!" 
Jade winced as Amaterasu dug her nails into her arm. 

"You know far too much." Amaterasu snarled, and she tapped the ring on 
her hand, wind beginning to swirl around the room. 

"Okay, I lied! It's worse with her!" Jade shouted, and Amaterasu blew the 
guards back. 

"Dial the gate!" 

"Jack, you have to!" Daniel shouted as he barely held onto the doorway, 
wind raging around them. "Jack! Make a decision here!" 

From the control room, Jack bit his lip, but he knew that there was 
nothing he could do. They would have to come back for her later. 

"Open the gate." 

With that, the gate opened and Amaterasu threw Jade in, running in as 
well. Then, the gate shut off, and Jack dropped his head, sighing. 

"Dammit." 

Looking back up, Jack could see Daniel looking at the Stargate, his 
expression one of concern and worry. There was nothing they could do. 
Yet. 


                         *******************

Capacitor
By The Kat Goddess - gategirlnihon@yahoo.com


RATING: FR-T

WARNINGS: There is strong language ans some serious violence by hand 
device and allusions to torture. 

CATEGORY: Action/Adventure, Drama, Missing Scene, Romance, Angst 

PAIRING: Sam/Jack

SPOILERS: Icon 

TIME FRAME: This takes place during and after the Season Eight Episode 
"Icon." Sequel to Catalyst.

SUMMARY: After Jade Andros' capture by Amaterasu, the SGC is desperately 
trying find her. And even when they may find her, as battered and broken 
as Jade is, they may not be able to help her. 

DISCLAIMER: "Stargate SG-1" and its characters are the property of 
MGM/UA, Double Secret Productions, Gekko Film Corp., Showtime/Viacom and 
USA Networks, Inc. This story is for entertainment purposes only and no 
money has exchanged hands. No copyright infringement is intended. The 
original characters, situations and story are the property of the 
author(s), and may not be republished or archived elsewhere without the 
author's permission.

AUTHOR'S NOTES: Reviews are greatly, SUPER appreciated! 


                         *******************

"Send the MALP through." Jack ordered, Daniel and Sam on either side of 
him. Jack stood up straight, and he crossed his arms over his chest, 
realizing that he was doing the same thing as Daniel and then slowly 
uncrossing them, putting his hands in his pockets instead. 

"Think she'll let it through?" Daniel asked, a bit nervous. They had 
returned yesterday from their mission to find Anubis's secret base and 
then had attended to the President's visit, but, now that it had been 
attended to, Jack had turned his priorities into trying to find Jade if 
at all possible. She was a vital asset to the SGC, on top of being in 
possession of a wealth of information on the SGC. Daniel, on the other 
hand, was more concerned with whether or not she was still alive, 
considering he felt as if this was entirely his fault. He had been the 
one to put his gun down and let Amaterasu leave the cell, and he had told 
Jack to open the gate, where she had pushed Jade through. 

"Who knows? She may or may not have an iris. Her base is on a planet with 
three other Stargates we haven't visited yet, so there's a chance she 
doesn't have one yet." Sam replied, more musing to herself than to anyone 
else. 

"We should be receiving MALP telemetry in moments." The technician 
sitting below them informed everyone, and the three of them looked up to 
the monitor, watching it flicker into existence. 

"Oh, my God..." Sam whispered as the image came into focus, showing an 
elaborate interior chamber, where Amaterasu seemed to be standing a few 
yards from the MALP's camera, her hand extended as she tortured what 
looked like a kneeling Jade with a hand device. 

"No." Daniel whispered as he realized what exactly it was that was 
happening. 

Unfortunately, there was the shout of a J'affa, and the camera suddenly 
went static. 

"Send in the UAV." Jack ordered, hoping to get as much information as he 
could before they lost the chance. 

"UAV away." The technician announced as the UAV went screaming into the 
event horizon, and they continued to wait for more video footage. As the 
footage should have come up, the technician looked up to Jack, shaking 
his head. "Traveler lost, sir." 

"Dammit..." Jack whispered, now realizing that their gate had an iris. 
"Shut it down." Jack sighed, and the technician nodded, the gate 
vanishing again. 

All three of them stood there for a moment, until finally, Sam turned and 
rushed out silently. Sighing again, Jack turned, walking to his office, 
Daniel following him, his expression dark and angry. 

                         *******************

Jack took a seat at his desk, looking down at his closed laptop for a 
moment before finally looking up to Daniel, who stood in front of him 
with his arms crossed. 

"Daniel-" Jack began, knowing exactly what it was that Daniel wanted. 

"Jack, we can't leave her there! She's torturing her!" Daniel urged, and 
he leaned onto Jack's desk as Jack shook his head. 

"Daniel, I know exactly what she's doing to Jade, but we've got no chance 
of getting her back right now!" 

"Jack - " 

"Dammit, Daniel, don't think I don't want to find her, too!" Jack stood 
up, his temper flaring. The last thing he needed right now was for Daniel 
to push an issue that Jack felt more than helpless about. 

"She'd be willing to give her life to find and save any of us, without a 
second thought!" 

"Daniel, in case you forgot, there's an iris on the other side of that 
gate! Now, I don't think you'll be any good to Jade if you're smeared 
along a metal barrier, do you?" Jack snapped, and he took a seat back 
into his chair. 

Daniel looked down at Jack, biting his thumb as he thought of some way to 
convince Jack to continue. "Jack, the Tok'ra might have operatives in 
Amaterasu's ranks. We could - " 

"Daniel, we don't *have* an alliance with the Tok'ra right now, or did 
you forget that, too?" 

"No, I didn't forget, Jack, but you're not exactly coming up with ideas 
right now, either, are you?" Daniel snapped, and he then closed his eyes, 
taking a deep breath. "I-I didn't mean it like that." 

"Daniel, I know you want to find her. We all want to find her..." Jack 
ran his hands through his short, cropped hair, and he leaned back, 
putting his hands over his eyes. "Daniel, we're going to keep trying 
options, but, right now, she wouldn't want us to kill ourselves trying to 
find her. We're not going to stop trying, but right now," Jack lowered 
his hands and put them on the desk. "There isn't anything else we can 
do." 

"I don't believe that." Daniel said quietly, his arms still crossed over 
his chest as he shook his head. 

"Believe what you want, Daniel, but I'm telling you that this discussion 
is over." Jack opened his laptop, and he began to type on the keyboard, 
hoping that Daniel would leave and not push the issue. 

Daniel looked at Jack, blinking for a moment, and then sighing, looking 
up to the ceiling as he twirled his pen in his fingers as he left Jack's 
office. 

                         *******************

"Daniel. *Squirrelly*." Jack reiterated, and Daniel nodded, rushing back 
off towards the Gate room, and Jack shook his head as he made it back to 
his office. A month of negotiations by Daniel seemed to be going nowhere, 
and on top of that, there had been nothing that they could do about Jade. 
Jack was unfortunately balancing between the idea of sending a team 
through the gate as soon as they could get something through, or not 
bothering, considering he'd be risking the lives of too many people. 
Sighing, Jack flopped into the seat behind his desk, and he closed his 
eyes, then grabbing a pencil and beginning to balance it on his nose, 
trying to figure out what to do. 

"Sir?" 

Jack jumped and lost the pencil again, and he looked up at Sam, taking a 
breath. "Oh, Carter. What can I do for you?' 

"Has, um," Carter took a step into Jack's office, closing the door when 
Jack waved to her, then proceeded all the way in and took a seat at 
Jack's insistence, her expression worried. "Has there been any word on 
Jade?" 

Jack shook his head, and he leaned back. "I'm sorry. Nothing since the 
last time." 

"What are you going to do?" She asked Jack, trying not to sound too 
desperate, even though her heart was pounding. If Jade was here, she 
would have been trying to help Daniel with everything that was going on, 
or she would have been working in Sam's office. It was odd, but at first 
Sam had been so suspicious of Jade and why she was with the team... now, 
she had begun to consider Jade a friend. 

"There isn't anything we can do. For now." Jack looked at Sam, seeing 
that she was fairly stressed. 

"Sir, what they're doing to her..." Sam stood and she ran her hands 
through her hair, trying not to allow tears to well up. Jade had been the 
first woman in the SGC that Sam had been able to form a friendship with 
since Janet, and to think that Jade could suffer like this now. "She's a 
*civilian*..." Sam urged, and she looked to Jack, who stood up and walked 
closer to her. "She's not supposed to have these kinds of things happen 
to her..." 

"Hey." Jack put his hand to her arm gently, and Sam looked up, trying 
desperately not to cry. "C'mere..." He whispered, and he pulled her 
closer, hugging her. "We're gonna find her... we're gonna help her..." 

"We have to." Sam urged, clinging to Jack, allowing herself to calm down 
and try not to think of anything. Anything at all. "Jack..." She 
whispered, and she buried her face in his chest, Jack hugging her, just 
out of view of the clear glass window that separated his office and the 
conference room. 

There was a knock on the office door, and Sam pulled away, wiping her 
eyes and looking towards the bookshelf, as if one of the many military 
publications was fascinating for her. 

"Come in." Jack said as he put his hands behind his back, straightening 
his uniform and watching as Walter opened the door. 

"Sir, we've just received word from Doctor Jackson. He's through the gate 
and he wants to talk with you." 

"Okay, I'll be right there." Jack watched as Walter left again, and he 
turned to Sam for a moment, opening his mouth to say something. When she 
didn't turn around, he changed his mind, and he walked back out, curious 
to know what Daniel wanted to talk about. 

                         *******************

"So, what's this I hear about two members of SG teams having gone 
missing?" A voice asked behind Jack as he got ready to enter his office 
after having given Sam and Teal'C orders to try to find Daniel, or at 
least get some Intel on how to get a hold of him. 

"Simmons..." Jack growled, and he turned around after walking through his 
office, wanting to slam the door in the ignoramus of an officer's face. 
"What are you doing here?" 

"I'm here to check on your new command. I've heard that you've managed to 
lose two of your team members." 

"I didn't *lose* them." Jack growled, and crossed his arms over his 
chest. 

"Oh, that's right. One of them was taken prisoner by a Goa'uld System 
Lord, and is probably dead or being tortured for critical information 
about this base. And your other member is probably lying dead somewhere 
on the ground of a planet that you caused a civil war on." 

"Simmons, I don't need your patronizing, so if you don't mind - " 

"But, I do mind, General O'Neill." Simmons leaned on the doorframe, 
frowning. "They probably aren't even alive or in a position to be 
rescued, so you should be working on your prime goal instead of wasting 
valuable resources on two dead men." 

"Simmons, if I need your opinion, I'll make sure to shoot myself first. 
Now, get out." Jack hissed, and he closed the door in Simmons' face, 
clicking his tongue and putting his hands over his eyes. "Geez..." 

                         *******************

"Tell me where Suzano-oo has gone." Amaterasu grumbled, and she continued 
to channel the painful energy into Jade's head, the woman gasping below. 

"I don't know!" Jade screamed, the pain nearly indescribable. She could 
feel pressure, heat, and searing pain as it radiated from the front of 
her forehead, and her fingers curled into her fists as she screamed 
again, her entire body seemingly lost to the mind-melting heat and pain, 
tears streaking down her face. "*I don't know*!!" She wailed as Amaterasu 
took a step closer, intensifying the power being emitted by the hand 
device, and Jade cried out again, feeling liquid trickle down from her 
nose to her lips, whatever it was feeling cool on her burning skin. 

"Worthless!" Amaterasu snarled, and she cut off the hand device, kicking 
Jade with her metal-tipped boot, the human flying back onto her back, 
writhing in agony. "Put her back. I have no use for her now." 

Jade coughed and gasped for air, squirming on the ground as her muscles 
spasmed from new-brought control, but the many different sensations at 
once only served to further confuse and disorient her. She brought one 
hand to her face, wiping whatever was on her face off, finding that it 
was blood from her nose. Groaning and letting out a wracked sob, Jade 
arched her back, trying desperately to make her body work again. 

With a grunt from two J'affa, Jade was hoisted up by her arms, and she 
was dragged along the corridors back to the cell where they'd been 
keeping her. She cried out as they pulled her up to stand, only to wrap 
chains around her waist, pinning her arms to her sides, her hands nearly 
being crushed in the process. 

One J'affa smirked as he looked at Jade, and she mustered up the courage 
to spit in his face, only for him to backhand Jade angrily. She gasped 
for air, her eyes wide as she tried to cope with the pain running through 
her body. She tried to adjust her bad leg, feeling it protest at the 
movement. Amaterasu had thought it would be "amusing" to put Jade in the 
sarcophagus to heal her leg, only so she would be more stalwart when 
being tortured. To prolong the suffering... 

Jade leaned her head back, and she allowed the tears to trickle down her 
cheeks. She couldn't - *wouldn't* - tell Amaterasu anything. If she said 
anything, she would only further endanger the SGC and possibly cause the 
numerous deaths of many she cared about. She knew she couldn't be 
rescued, but she would be damned if she was going to say anything that 
would help the Goa'uld. 

She only hoped that Doctor Jackson was safe back at the SGC, working on 
something... anything, but getting himself hurt. 

                         *******************

"Perhaps you will be more cooperative when I have made you host to my new 
Goa'uld." Amaterasu hissed as she ran her hand along Jade's feverish and 
clammy cheek, Jade still chained to the beam in the prison cell, 
Amaterasu still clad in her kimono, the sleeve of which Jade pressed her 
face into, wiping the blood off of her face and the sweat from her eyes. 
"I see that already you are beginning to lose the fire that has put you 
in this position." Amaterasu smiled coolly, and she put both hands onto 
the sides of Jade's face, making her look at her, brown eyes meeting 
blue. "I am not naturally a cruel goddess, my brother and husband was the 
cruel one." Amaterasu loosened her grip on Jade slightly. "You would 
enjoy a long life as my daughter and fellow goddess. Why must you persist 
in angering and denying the privileges I could give you?" 

Jade finally managed to make her mouth work, still disoriented and dazed, 
even though she'd been trying to sleep chained to the beam for the last 
hour. "Because," Jade murmured, licking her dry lips. "You are not a 
goddess. You are a fraud and a murderer. I would die before I would 
become a host." 

"Insolent *baita*!" Amaterasu snarled, and she slapped Jade with her free 
hand, the one devoid of a hand device. 

"Call me a slut all you like, but you're still a parasite." Jade hissed 
as she recovered, Amaterasu having turned and begun to walk away. 

Amaterasu whirled, her ornate kimono gleaming in the light as she 
stretched forth her hand, and the concussive wave of pressure slammed 
into Jade, making her scream as the device tried to repel her, even 
though she was already against a surface. 

"You will talk, or I will make you the next host for my Goa'uld." The 
Goa'uld hissed, but then she turned and left, her J'affa following with 
her. 

Jade winced and took a shaky breath, hoping that her lungs were still 
able to work. 

"Tau'uri..." A low male voice whispered, and Jade shut her eyes, hanging 
her head. 

"God dammit, leave me alone... I'm not going to tell you anything." 

"No, Tau'uri, look at me." 

Jade sighed and opened her eyes, her blurry eyes glancing up to see one 
of Amaterasu's scientists. This one probably dealt with the torture 
devices that Amaterasu had been so freely experimenting with Jade on. 
"Listen to me; I'm not talking to you. So, just go away - " 

"Tau'uri, I would suggest that you not turn away from assistance so 
easily." The scientist interrupted, however, his voice was now octaves 
lower, and he had lowered his head and looked back up to her. 

"Tok'ra?" Jade asked, disbelieving, raising an eyebrow as the scientist 
resumed his normal human stature. 

"Forgive Xel'tana, my symbiote, Tau'uri." He said kindly, bowing his head 
in a traditional respectful gesture. The host was Asian like most of the 
others, so no wonder he could fit in easily with his unruly jet black 
hair and almond-shaped brown eyes. 

"I have a name," Jade whispered, and she smiled a bit. "It's Jade Andros. 
I'm with the SGC." 

"I know your name and your affiliation." He smiled. "My name is 
Shuiichiro." Shuiichiro put his hand to Jade's shoulder. "I am sorry that 
I cannot help you further, but I came here to warn you." 

"What about?" 

"Do not fall for Amaterasu's threats of implantation. She cannot create a 
new Goa'uld from you." 

"Why not?" Jade blinked stupidly, feeling Shuichiiro's hands reach to the 
chains wrapped around her, loosening them enough to not strangle her or 
crush her hands again. 

"With the turmoil of the System Lords from Ba'al's takeover, the other 
System Lords fear any new rising Goa'uld. You would become a prime target 
if she were to turn you. You would be assassinated before the symbiote 
could extract sufficient information from you. The other System Lords do 
not know that she even has you here, and if they were to know, you would 
be considered an unfair advantage against the Tau'uri, which would cause 
more chaos. You are the bargaining chip that Amaterasu plans on using to 
force your people into negotiations." Shuiichiro stepped back somewhat, 
checking the room to make sure there were no J'affa around. "She has the 
scientists I have infiltrated working on some sort of control device that 
would put you in servitude of her, but not through mind control. You are 
a challenge to her authority and conquest, so she wants to break you." 
Shuichiiro looked over towards the entrance and his eyes widened. "I must 
go now, before I compromise our cover further. I could not let you suffer 
needlessly. I am sorry." Shuichiiro ducked out and Jade winced, trying to 
follow him with her gaze but finding that he was out of sight too 
rapidly. 

"Typical..." She hissed, wincing again. "Why can't the Tok'ra... ever 
give the kind of help... that cuts chains... or gives me an Death 
Glider...?" 

                         *******************

"Why must you insist on defying me?" Amaterasu sighed, beginning to 
recreate the beam of energy for torturing. "I only ask a simple question. 
How much longer do you wish to pursue this futile endeavor?" 

"I... will never... tell you..." Jade growled, and she fell to her knees 
again, wincing as the slow aching pain began to intensify the longer it 
remained. 

"You have been here three of your Earth months, Tau'uri. Your friends 
have given up on you, and you are beginning to bore me." Amaterasu's eyes 
flashed as she smiled coldly, Jade crying out as her hands began to curl 
into fists again. "You only prolong your suffering. When my daughter has 
taken control of you, you will tell me anyway." Jade gasped for air, her 
eyes widening as the pain lashed through her head down to her spine. "Or 
I could just kill you." 

"You can't..." Jade gasped, trying to recollect what Shuichiiro had told 
her. "You can't kill me or make me a host!" She shouted, desperately 
trying to keep her sanity. "The System Lords don't know I'm here! You'd 
shift the balance and I'd be killed!" 

"What?" Amaterasu abruptly shut off the device, and she took a step back, 
looking to her J'affa. "Dare ka?" She hissed in Japanese, wanting to know 
who had said something. 

"Wakaranai, Amaterasu-sama." The J'affa replied feverishly, and Jade fell 
back, able to piece together the conversation through her hazy mind. 
"What do you wish me to do with her?" 

Amaterasu crossed her arms gracefully over her chest, and she smirked 
maliciously. "Break her. Then bring her to me." 

"No..." Jade whispered, and she felt the guards grab her arms again. 
"No." Jade forced her body into action, and she tried to struggle, 
searching for a way to make Amaterasu hear her. "Yada! Amaterasu! YAAA!" 

                         *******************

"AH - *Oh, God*!" Jade sobbed as the guards slammed her against the beam, 
her entire body broken and battered. She felt the salty taste of blood on 
her lips, and she sobbed again as even the sensation of the tears rolling 
down her cheeks caused her pain. One of the guards backhanded her again, 
and she hung her head as they chained her back up, the chains pressing 
into her now swollen, black and blue, broken right leg. 

"Stop your whining," One of the J'affa hissed, and they both began to 
laugh as he put his hand on her cheek. "Our Lady will enjoy killing you 
soon enough." 

The J'affa pat her on the cheek, and she drew in breath as he touched her 
swollen eye, sending shivers of pain through her body. Soon, though, he 
had left her, and she was completely alone in the room, feeling as though 
death would have been easier than what she was going through. 

Gasping for air, Jade leaned back, trying not to fall unconscious, 
keeping herself occupied. "Sora," she sang softly, gasping for air. "Tooi 
sora... sugu...yaita...koe..." Jade slowly began to lose consciousness, 
and she closed her eyes, feeling her lungs struggle to work, and her 
senses continued to dull. "Anata...no... yume... wa... i... ma..." 

"Andros?" 

The whisper was so faint, Jade almost didn't hear it, but she blinked and 
lolled her head up as she saw Shuiichiro run into her cell, gently 
grabbing her by her face and making her look at him. 

"Shuiichiro? Hey, pal..." Jade coughed and winced, even though he was 
still holding onto her. 

"Andros, there is not much time. I have been discovered. Even now, there 
is no escape for me, and Xel'tana will be killed if they find us. Forgive 
me for what I am about to do." 

"Shuii-" Jade was suddenly cut off as Shuiichiro pressed his lips against 
hers, parting her lips with his tongue. For a millisecond, she was simply 
stunned, but then, there was a sharp pain in the back of her throat, and 
Shuiichiro pulled away, looking wounded. Jade blinked, and she felt 
something take over for a moment, and if one had seen her, they would 
have seen her eyes flash for a moment. "Shuiichiro!" Jade hacked, her 
voice her own again, but everything feeling out of place, painful and 
uncomfortable. 

"J'affa! Kree!" Amaterasu shouted, using the more traditional command 
instead of Japanese, and she pointed to Shuiichiro. 

"No!" Jade choked, and Shuiichiro smiled, just as the sounds of the staff 
weapons unlocking echoed. The blasts resounded through the chamber, and 
Jade shut her eyes, looking away as Shuiichiro took several staff blasts 
to the chest, shoulders, and face. 

"Take his body and autopsy it." Amaterasu hissed, and she grabbed a 
velvet bag, slowly sauntering towards Jade. "Unchain her." 

The J'affa stoically removed the chains from Jade, who was wavering 
between sleep and consciousness, however, she could feel the pain in her 
body already subsiding. Shuiichiro had been a Tok'ra... but he was dead. 
That could mean... 

"Put her wrists towards me." The Goa'uld ordered again, and Jade cried 
out as the two J'affa grabbed her arms, her broken wrists purple and 
bruised. 

"No, let me go..." Jade whispered, but Amaterasu reached her hand into 
the velvet bag, and pulled out two golden circular objects. "W-What are - 
" 

"My guarantee that you will not try to fight me again." Amaterasu 
replied, and she ran her hand over a crystal on her bracelet, the 
manacles snapping open. Jade tried to fight again, but Amaterasu leaned 
forward, snapping the manacles around her left wrist, electricity 
streaking up her arm, numbing it, causing Jade to whine in pain. Then the 
other manacle was locked around her right wrist, and the J'affa let go of 
her, Jade's wrists suddenly being attracted together, as if they were 
meant to be handcuffs. "From now on, you are my personal servant. You are 
free to roam the base and use most of the equipment, however, if you try 
to escape or access restricted equipment," Amaterasu put her hands on the 
manacles, trying to pull Jade up, hearing her scream as her broken leg 
protested. "Those manacles will kill you." With that, Amaterasu dropped 
Jade onto her stomach, and the goddess turned to walk away, looking to 
her J'affa. "Leave her unbound. She will not be going anywhere." 

                         *******************

"Well, it looks like you're fine." The doctor commented as she finished 
checking Daniel's sight and looking through his blood work. "No 
unfortunate side effects from your time on - " 

"Daniel? You in here?" Sam's voice sounded a little frantic coming from 
the other room, and Daniel jumped off of the bed in the Infirmary, 
hearing Sam's voice get closer. "Daniel? Da - Where's Daniel? Daniel!" 
Sam finally managed to make it to the back area where Daniel was, and she 
grabbed Daniel by the arm, beginning to pull him out of the Infirmary. 

"Sam? What's going on?" Daniel yelped as he turned to grab his uniform 
jacket, barely grabbing it before Sam continued to pull him along. 

"There was an odd transmission coming through the gate. It was a mixture 
of different languages, audio only. But, Daniel," Sam and Daniel stopped 
outside of an elevator for a moment. "The voice was Jade's." 

                         *******************

Jade yelped as the manacles sent an electric shock through her body, and 
she bit her lip, finishing her recital of the message Amaterasu had 
dictated to her. 

"What were you saying, my pet?" Amaterasu hissed as she grazed her 
fingernail over the bracelet again, and Jade winced again as electricity 
jostled her. 

"Nothing. It was nothing of importance. I got your message out." Jade 
hissed, trying to get to her knees, even though she could hear Xel'tana's 
voice in the back of her mind. 

//Jade, I may have been able to heal your wounds, but it would not be 
wise to cause more damage.// Jade nodded to herself as she heard 
Xel'tana, and she looked back up to Amaterasu, feeling Xel'tana recede 
again. The Tok'ra knew that Jade was having a hard enough time keeping up 
her own mental barriers against Amaterasu, so Xel'tana was content to 
advise from the sidelines, as well as block her memories from Jade's 
mind. 

"Your injuries are healed." Amaterasu said, looking curious but not too 
interested. "How fascinating... that you are human... yet my J'affa tried 
to kill you." 

"I don't know what you're talking about." Jade urged, even though she 
knew Amaterasu could kill her easily. 

"Perhaps you don't. But, you probably do. Let me tell you this, my pet," 
The Sun goddess leaned down to Jade, playing with a lock of Jade's dark 
brown hair. "If you believe that having a Tok'ra symbiote will save you 
from my manacles, you are quite mistaken. The amount of electricity that 
will be pumped through your body would kill both you and the traitor. 
Have I made myself clear?" 

For a moment, Jade recalled a movie she had seen a while ago, and she 
smirked. "Inescapably." 

                         *******************

"The part that Jade said in English isn't as important as what she was 
babbling." Daniel said as he paced the briefing room, Jack, Sam and 
Teal'c all sitting round the conference table watching him as he read off 
what he had translated. "It was hard to make out. She was slurring, 
almost as if she was drugged or injured, and she kept switching 
languages. But, it seems she was warning us about plans that Amaterasu 
has. She said that she couldn't speak about it directly because of 
Amaterasu, but she mentioned something about having been tortured. But, 
she said she'd rather die than say anything to her..." Daniel looked up 
at them, and he took off his glasses, rubbing his eyes and tossing his 
journal onto the table. "She specifically asked for us *not* to go after 
her." 

"Oh, God..." Sam whispered, and she took a deep breath, collecting 
herself again. 

"There's something else, too. She mentioned a name... 'Xel'Tana.'" 

"What's it mean?" Sam asked, and Daniel shrugged. 

"I... have no... idea." 

"What was the message in English?" Jack asked, even though he had already 
heard part of it. 

"Well, her babbling ends abruptly. She just kinda screams... and then she 
starts talking as if she was reading from a script." Daniel pulled out 
the chair in front of him, having a seat as he continued talking. "The 
message is for us. Amaterasu says that in 48 earth hours to the minute, 
she will send Jade through in return for continued negotiations with our 
government." Daniel shook his head. "If we close the iris, according to 
the message, Jade will be killed, because she's sending Jade through 
first." 

There was a brief silence, which was then punctuated by Jack clearing his 
throat, and Sam looking over to Daniel. 

"So," Sam began, turning to look at Jack. "What do we do?" 

Jack took a deep breath and then cleared his throat, nodding. "We'll let 
her through..." 

"I know that I'm just speaking the concern we've all got here, but - " 
Daniel put his glasses back on. "What if this is a trap? What if 
Amaterasu's not even sending Jade?" 

"It's that or she dies, Daniel. I'll have us close the blast doors and 
I'll have units in there in case of intrusion. But, I won't risk having 
her die when we might be able to save her." Jack replied, and he watched 
Daniel, seeing that the only reason he had asked was just to see that 
Jack would say what he just had. 

"Okay." 

                         *******************

"Incoming traveler," The technician announced over the intercom just as 
Jack was about to take a sip of coffee, and he checked his watch, knowing 
that he still had at least ten hours until Jade was supposed to be 
returning. 

"What the Hell?" He said to himself, and Jack put down his coffee, 
leaving his office and rushing down the steps to the control room. 
"What's going on?" 

"Hey, Jack!" A voice from the gate room called, and Jack looked down, 
watching as Jacob Carter slowly walked down the ramp from the Stargate. 

Jack smiled, and he made his way down the gate room, where Sam, Daniel 
and Teal'c were waiting already. 

"Hey, Dad." Jack said with a cheezy smile, and then noticed that Jacob 
wasn't exactly smiling back. "Uh, whatcha doin' here?" 

"We have a problem, Jack. I know that we have no alliance at the moment, 
but this is more personal. One of my operatives, by the name of Xel'tana, 
has gone missing. She was supposed to report back to me a few days ago, 
but she hasn't." 

"So, why come to us?" Jack asked, motioning for Jacob to walk with them 
out of the gate room. 

"Because I had her monitoring the situation on your captured team member, 
Jade Andros." 

Daniel stopped walking, and he put his hand on Jacob's arm. "Wait, you 
know about Jade? W- Well, what's happening to her? What can you tell us?" 

"Not much, Daniel. Xel'tana was trying to make things as comfortable for 
Jade as possible so she wouldn't give into Goa'uld torture, but I don't 
know how well she succeeded. I was hoping you could help me track both of 
them down." 

"Well, that's the thing, Jacob." Daniel smiled slightly as he explained, 
running a hand through his hair. "Jade sent us a message, and she 
mentioned Xel'tana. You should stay here. There's more going on." 

                         *******************

"Incoming traveler." Walter called from his seat in the Control room, and 
Daniel, Sam and Jack all came down from the briefing room to watch. 

"Keep the iris open, Walter." 

"Sir?" 

"Do it!" Jack snapped, watching as Walter opened the iris, and troops 
flooded the gate room. The blast doors began to close, and Jack watched 
Walter and the other monitoring equipment. 

Daniel, on the other hand, was less than patient, and he finally turned, 
sprinting out of the control room and running to the gate room, just as 
Jade was stepping through the iris. 

"Jade!" He shouted, smiling but trying to control himself. He didn't 
quite know what could have happened to Jade, but thinking about it, he 
didn't care any longer. "Jade, are you -" 

"I come with a message from the high goddess of the Sun, protectorate of 
the Takamagahara, Lady Amaterasu." Jade recited, even though her eyes 
betrayed the supposed confidence in her voice. Biting her lip, she 
lowered her head, and then raised it again, Daniel knowing that gesture 
anywhere. Then, when her eyes flashed, he felt his heart drop to his 
stomach as the distinctly lower voice boomed over the gate room. "Shut 
down the gate, Tau'uri! She is sending an attack force! This is a tra-" 
Daniel watched with trepidation as a light blue glow came from the 
manacles on her wrists, and the Tok'ra screamed aloud, the voice then 
morphing to Jade's. 

"Shut down the gate!" Jack shouted as the blast doors began to rise, and 
they all watched as Jade stopped convulsing, dropping to the ground like 
a rock as Daniel rushed to her. He nearly fell onto the ramp as he knelt 
to her, and while the other soldiers all heard Jack yelling to stand 
down, Daniel grabbed Jade, checking for a pulse and finding one, so he 
hoisted her into his arms, and he began to run off towards the infirmary. 

                         *******************

"She's still alive. The most critical injuries are on the way to being 
healed." Dr. Carmichael explained to Jack and Daniel as they stood in the 
infirmary, watching over Jade as she was poked full of IVs and breathing 
tubes. At the last statement, Jack looked up at the doctor, confused. 

"Being healed?" Jack asked, and Daniel interrupted, his arms crossed, one 
hand stroking his chin. 

"She has a Tok'ra symbiote inside of her." Daniel simply said, and he 
looked up at Jack. 

"Wai - what?" Jack looked at Daniel, just as Jacob entered the infirmary. 

"Xel'tana. Jade mentioned her in the message, and then when she warned us 
about the gate, that was a Tok'ra talking." Daniel looked over as Jacob 
came to stand up next to him. "I think we found your operative, Jacob." 

Jacob nodded, and he closed his eyes, lowering his head as Selmak took 
the floor. "Xel'tana," Selmak simply urged, and Jade opened her eyes, 
which flashed white as she spoke. 

"Selmak..." Xel'tana whispered, her voice raspy. "I have managed to save 
her... but, I fear, without a healthy host, it will kill us both." 

"I understand. What happened while you were under cover?" 

Xel'tana/Jade wheezed again, and she shook her head slightly, Jade's body 
weak. "Amaterasu caught me tampering with the manacles on Jade's arms. 
She tried to track me, but Shuiichiro took it upon himself to suggest 
that I switch hosts. He would not listen to reason, and I was forced to 
switch hosts..." Xel'tana looked downward, sighing. "He died for me and 
Jade." 

"We will find you a new host, Xel'tana," Selmak said quietly. "Rest now, 
my young one. You have done well." As Xel'tana's eyes closed and both she 
and Jade slept, Jacob surfaced again, and he turned to look back at 
Daniel and Jack. 

"This isn't good. The amount of electricity that those have pumped 
through them was enough to kill Jade and then some. Xel'tana looks like 
she's patched up what she can, but... Xel'tana needs a healthy host, and 
Jade needs her own body back to rest. " 

"Jacob, not to sound ungrateful for what Xel'tana's done, but - " 

"I'm not going to ask you to find me a host, Jack." Jacob said, waving 
his hand in dismissal and walking closer to Jade's sleeping body. 
"Unfortunately, we won't have a choice. They could both die." 

"What do you mean Jade could die?" The worried voice behind all of them 
made the group turn, and they were faced with an unknown figure. 

"And you are..." Daniel began, and the woman smirked, walking past them 
to Jade. 

"Major Elizabeth Langford. I've been Jade's co-worker for the past four 
years." Langford took a seat next to Jade, and she brushed a lock of hair 
out of Jade's face, turning to look at them. "What did you mean, she 
could die?" 

"Major Langford," Daniel started, grabbing a pen from behind his ear and 
beginning to twirl it in his fingers. "Jade - Doctor Andros was nearly 
killed by those things on her wrists, and Xel'tana, the Tok'ra that had 
taken her as a host while Jade was being tortured, has managed to heal 
the critical injuries. But, Xel'tana's dying, and if she doesn't have a 
healthy host to heal in, she could die, and the toxin that a dying 
symbiote leaves could kill Jade. Separately, they'll heal. Together -" 

"They could die." Langford said simply, and she looked up to Jacob, 
standing and walking to him. "I have a proposition." 

"What is it?" 

"I'll become Xel'tana's host." 

Jack and Daniel both did double takes, and Jack blinked, looking to 
Langford. "Shouldn't you be asking me?" 

"Sorry, sir." Langford nodded and smiled, turning to Jack. "General, I 
can turn in my resignation by tomorrow. Just give me time to write it." 

"Are you sure you want to do this? I mean," Jack put one hand to his 
head, massaging his temple with his finger. "This is kinda sudden." 

"Sir, if it will save Jade's life, I don't even *need* to have a second 
thought about this. I spent four years covering her back on archeological 
missions that bored the Hell outta me. I'd rather be off working as an 
operative for the Tok'ra, helping restore good will between the Tok'ra 
and earth." 

Jack opened his mouth to speak, and then let out a gust of air, shrugging 
and looking to Jacob. "You okay with this?" 

"Jack, it's voluntary, and there are two lives at stake." 

Jack shrugged and then looked to Langford. "Go ahead and write your 
resignation. Then, I want you ready to..." Jack motioned back and forth 
with his fingers, trying to find a way of explaining. "Just be ready." He 
finished, and he turned on his heel, walking out, looking as confused as 
he looked when he walked in. 

                         *******************

"Chevron Seven locked." Walter announced over the intercom, and Jack, 
Sam, Teal'c and Jacob all stood at the ramp to the gate, watching as it 
activated while Elizabeth Langford, who had now been officially blended 
with Xel'tana for the past six hours, joined them. 

"Well, Jacob, it's been a slice." Jack said, grabbing Jacob's hand and 
shaking it. He then turned to Langford, and he rose an eyebrow. "Erm..." 

"Tau'uri," Xel'tana said as she looked to Jack from Elizabeth's body. "I 
want you to know that what has happened here will not go unrewarded. I 
may not have as much influence in the Council, but because of the 
selflessness that both Elizabeth and Jade have exercised... it has made 
me realize that which Jacob and Selmak had been trying to tell me for all 
of this time. You have an ally now. Do not hesitate to ever ask for my 
help. Thank you." Xel'tana stepped up to Sam, and she put her hand on her 
shoulder. "I am sorry I cannot help you solve the dilemma of the manacles 
on Jade's wrists. But, I tell you now. Jade trusts you and respects your 
intelligence. And, as she had faith in your knowledge, so do I. I know 
you will take care of her." 

"Thanks." Sam said simply, even though her voice was a little thick from 
everything that had been going on. 

                         *******************

"So, what do we know so far?" Jack looked to Carter as she walked to a 
console in her lab, motioning for Jack to enter. Syler sat by here, the 
two of them poring over data sheets and tests they had performed on the 
manacles in the Infirmary. 

"Not much, but we've figured out that those manacles draw power from 
electrical equipment around them, then store the power until something 
triggers a release." Sam looked up from her reports, seeing at somewhat 
bewildered look on Jack's face, and she shook her head, continuing. "Sir, 
those manacles will electrocute Jade if we tamper with them. We tried to 
touch them, and they gave a warning shock." 

"Any ideas on how to deactivate them yet?" 

"Not yet, sir. Syler and I have a few ideas, but they need some 
refining." 

Jack nodded and stuffed his hands in his pockets, moving to the side as 
Syler left to grab something for Sam. "How was Jade when you last saw 
her?" 

"Well, the doctor said that Xel'tana was able to save them both from the 
severe trauma, but she's badly burned. She really needs to sleep it 
off..." Sam took a seat in the chair next to her, and she put her hands 
to her head. "Amaterasu tortured her so badly; it was Xel'tana that kept 
her alive. Her leg is thankfully better, but she's now got bruised and 
burned wrists." 

"She's a trooper." Jack said simply, thinking to her last two missions. 

"Yeah... Daniel's with her now, actually..." 

                         *******************

Daniel blinked slowly, his eyes heavy as he took off his glasses, rubbing 
his eyes and adjusting his position on the chair he sat in. He looked to 
the tablets Jade had spoke of on her PDA. Jade was amazingly intelligent, 
and she had compiled two or three journals on the numerous pantheons of 
eastern religions. Maybe it was a thirst for knowledge, or perhaps just a 
desire to read words he could imagine her speaking... he just wanted some 
assurance of her personality. 

"You've written so much..." Daniel whispered half to himself, and he 
finally put his pencil down, looking up to Jade's sleeping form. 

Her chest rose and fell softly, rhythmically, but instead of calming 
Daniel, it made him worry further. Reaching a hand up, he gently brushed 
away a lock of her smooth, dark hair, licking his lips. 

"I should've shot her..." He whispered, his guilt welling up into a 
physical lump in his throat. It wasn't fair that everyone around him was 
always in danger. It shouldn't be that way. "I wish you weren't hurt..." 

"You shoulda... seen the other guy..." Jade whispered, her blurry gaze on 
Daniel's. Wincing, she managed to smile slightly and she flexed her 
fingers, feeling pain shoot up her arms from her hurt wrists, manacles 
still binding them together. 

"Hey..." Daniel whispered, his eyes fairly lighting up as he sat up some, 
putting one hand on her shoulder, closing his journal with the other. 

"Nihao..." She whispered in Chinese, feeling tears trickle down her 
cheeks. "I can still feel them on my wrists..." 

"I know," Daniel put his hand on hers, trying to calm her, let her feel 
that she wasn't alone. "Sam's working on some way to shut them off." 

"I dunno... if there is a way..." Jade coughed and closed her eyes. "You 
should've... *she* should've let me die..." 

"We're not going to let you die. There is a way to save you, we just need 
time..." 

"I'm sorry for doing this to you..." Jade whispered, grabbing Daniel's 
hand and squeezing it. "I should never had tried to work with you... you 
didn't need a fan... and now look where it's got me..." Jade opened her 
mouth to say something more, but she closed her eyes, groaning and 
falling back asleep, tears flowing again. 

Daniel opened his mouth to wake her up and then changed his mind, 
reaching up and wiping Jade's tears away with his fingers. He slipped his 
hands from hers and picked back up her PDA, scrolling down, reading 
softly aloud. 

"My theories about the Shinto Lords might be true... General Hammond has 
given me authority to work on a tablet found on P3X-666. I can't help but 
wonder who I'm working with..." Daniel's eyes widened and he put down the 
PDA. That was right before their first mission together had begun... he 
didn't know if he should be reading it... 

                         *******************

"I think I've found a solution." Sam said breathlessly as she jogged into 
Jack's office, pausing as she realized that he was talking to Teal'C and 
another officer, a woman with blonde streaked brown hair also beside him. 
"Sorry. I can wait." 

"You are welcome to join us, Colonel Carter." Teal'C said, turning to 
look at her, and Sam caught side of Teal'C's face, seeing that he had a 
split lip, swollen eye, a bite mark on his throat, and scratch marks on 
his shoulder. 

"Teal'C, what happened to you?" 

"Captain Osborne here did." Jack growled, standing up and crossing his 
arms over his chest. 

"*What*?" Sam nearly yelped, watching as Captain Osborne turned, her dark 
blue eyes swollen, as well as her own lip being split, scratches along 
her collar. She and Teal'C both lacked their jackets, their T-shirts 
ripped. 

"Captain Osborne asked for Teal'C to meet her at one of the gyms, and she 
started a fight with him." Jack explained, and he turned to look at 
Osborne, still confused. "What the *Hell* were you doing?" 

"I was testing a theory, sir." Osborne replied, keeping her gaze to the 
books behind Jack. 

"And *what* theory was that?" 

"I..." She dropped her gaze, and Sam looked to Jack, raising her 
eyebrows. 

"*Well*? C'mon! You were so hot on making a public spectacle of yourself, 
there's no reason to stop now!" 

"I like Star Trek, sir." 

Jack blinked, and he opened his mouth to speak. "*What*?" 

"Teal'C's people can be similar to *Klingons*, sir. I bit him and fought 
him to test my theory." 

Same spent a few moments to hti about the implications and her eyes 
widened as she realized what that meant. "*OH*!" She took at look at 
Teal'C, who was confused and seemed a bit frustrated with the situation. 
"Oh, uh, sir, um - " 

"Carter!" Jack simply snapped, running his hand along his throat, 
motioning for her to be quiet. "Captain Osborne, the *only* reason I'm 
not going to court-martial you *right now* is because Teal'C - " Jack 
pointed to Teal'C, who rose an eyebrow. "Helped worsen the situation! 
Ugh..." Jack put his hands over his face and sighed. "Captain, you're 
dismissed." Osborne saluted and nodded, turning to Teal'C and smiling 
before she left. "Teal'C..." Jack mumbled through his hands, and Jack 
finally put his hands onto the desk. "Do you have any idea why Osborne 
did that?" 

"I believed that I must have offended her in some way." 

"Oh, um..." Sam walked closer to Teal'C, clearing her throat. "Teal'C, it 
was the exact opposite. How - how about I explain it later?" 

Teal'C nodded and Jack motioned for him to leave as he turned to look at 
Sam once again. 

"You were saying?" 

"Oh..." Sam had nearly forgotten what she'd come to say, but now that she 
was pressed with the issue, she remembered. "I think an EMP might shut 
off and unlock the manacles." Sam shrugged. "We just need to get Jade to 
my lab, so we can shield the base from the pulse." 

                         *******************

Sam tapped a few keys on her laptop, then turning and shutting off all of 
her equipment until she, Daniel and the unconscious Jade on a stretcher 
were left in the lab. "Okay... it's on a timer, so we'll know if it 
worked in a few seconds." 

"This is really familiar..." Daniel murmured as memories of Urgo making 
himself disappear seemed to creep up on him. 

"Hopefully, we'll have better results." Sam looked to her computer, 
flipping it back on. "Okay, let's try examining the gauntlets." 

Daniel nodded, and he cautiously reached out with a pencil, poking the 
gauntlets and feeling no jolt. "I think they're off." 

Nodding, Sam began to visually examine the gauntlets, then picked up one 
of them, turning it. The manacles seemed seamless, save for a slight 
crack where they may unlock. 

"Sam... look." Daniel motioned to a panel on the underside of the 
manacles, no larger than a stamp. There were characters on the panel, and 
Daniel adjusted his glasses as he got closer. "It's Amaterasu's name. 
But, I think it might come off." 

"Let's test that theory." Sam reached back and grabbed a pair of 
tweezers, trying to jostle it free. When that didn't succeed, Sam wedged 
the tweezers under the panel, the golden plate popping off, Sam catching 
it in her hand. "Huh..." 

"Sam, um, what's that look like to you?" Daniel pointed to where the 
panel had been, and the two set their gazes on what seemed to be a 
receptor... almost as if solar panels. 

"I think that's what collects the power needed for Jade's torture." 

"Sam...?" Jade whispered, having come around, very confused by where she 
was. 

"Let's put it back..." Daniel said as he began to inch into Jade's view. 
"We shouldn't be examining her while she's awake." 

Sam shrugged and complied, finding that the panel snapped back in place 
easily. 

"Doctor Jackson?" Jade whispered, blinking stupidly, and she jerked, 
crying out. 

"What was that?" Daniel snapped, looking to Sam, who was staring at the 
manacles. 

"I think they just reset. We can't touch them again." 

"Damn..." Daniel looked to Jade, smiling faintly. "Go back to sleep. I'll 
take you back to the Infirmary." 

                         *******************

Sam took a seat next to Jade in the Infirmary, looking up at Daniel as he 
flipped through the pages in his journal. "Jade, I think we're getting 
closer to finding a way to turn them off. I just need you to tell me 
about everything that happened when the gauntlets were activated." 

"Okay..." Jade whispered, and she licked her lips, taking a deep breath. 
Within a few minutes, she had explained everything that she could 
remember about Shuiichiro having passed Xel'tana to her, then about how 
Amaterasu had placed the gauntlets on, down to even the hand movements 
before she had placed the gauntlets on. "She brushed her hands against 
her bracelet... then they unlocked..." 

"Wait a second, Jade, what was her bracelet like?" 

Jade closed her eyes, and she felt someone's hand slip onto hers, 
squeezing gently. "It was... a row of crystals... embedded in gold... I 
think she moved one of the gems..." Jade took another deep breath and she 
opened her eyes as she felt the hand slip from hers. "It was red..." 

Sam urged Jade on, and ten minutes later, Jade had fallen back asleep, 
Sam now pacing back and forth in the Infirmary. 

"Crystals..." Sam ran her hand through her hair, snapping her fingers as 
she continued to talk. "Maybe it was some sort of refraction of light off 
of the crystals... or maybe even subtle vibrations." 

"Vibrations? You mean like - " 

"Sympathetic vibrations could be used for crystal harmonics." Sam nodded 
to herself and began to walk from the Infirmary, patting Daniel on the 
shoulder as she left. "I'll be back." 

                         *******************

Seven hours later, Daniel was asleep on the edge of Jade's bed as Sam 
came back into the Infirmary, her expression holding an odd look. 

"God, I hope that this works." 

Daniel jumped awake, dropping his glasses onto the bed, rubbing his eyes 
and looking up at Sam as she motioned to a group of nurses, preparing to 
move Jade onto a stretcher. "W-what's going on?" 

"I need to take another look at that receptor on the manacles. I've been 
working on different theories, and if I can just look at the receptor 
again, I'll be able to figure out whether it was harmonics or light." 

"Well, let me help - " 

"No, Daniel, not this time. Stay here, and I'll tell you how things go 
later." Sam looked at Daniel, and for some odd reason, she felt an odd 
sense of responsibility. If Daniel had to needlessly watch Sam and the 
others fail, she could never forgive herself. "I'm sorry." 

Without waiting for an answer, the technicians hoisted Jade onto the 
stretcher and pushed her away, not allowing Daniel to speak while they 
took her through the corridors. 

Five minutes later, Sam was preparing the EMP again. 

"3...2...1." She counted down, and the EMP activated, one technician 
slowly touching the manacle nearest him, looking up to Sam. "All right," 
Sam sighed, and she grabbed her tools. "Let's get to work on this. I want 
you to pop off the panel so we can take a look in there." 

There was a faint snapping sound and Sam looked down to the panel. 

"Hang in there, Jade... I think we may find the answer..." 

                         *******************

The first sound she could hear was her own breathing, and she licked her 
lips. Jade felt different somehow... and she sleepily opened her eyes, 
looking up at the ceiling, and then adjusting her arms, feeling that 
instead of her wrists surrounded by gold... she could feel soft rhythmic 
breathing on one hand. 

She took a deep breath and flexed the fingers of her left hand, and her 
finger brushed against soft hair. Looking down to the figure she had 
touched, she smiled gently as she realized that Daniel was asleep by her 
hand, one hand holding his pencil still, the other on Jade's wrist. A 
warm feeling of comfort and security settled over her, and she slowly 
curled a finger around his glasses, pulling them off of his eyes gently, 
which stirred him out of his rest. 

"You got them off..." She whispered as Daniel slowly sat up a bit, taking 
his glasses from her and putting them back on. 

"Actually, um, Sam did." He said with a smile, and Jade nodded, leaning 
back a bit as she looked at him. 

"I'll thank her later..." Jade simply watched Daniel as he put his 
journal and pencil away. "I'm sorry I've caused you so much trouble." 

"Hey, no, no," Daniel smiled and shook his head, gently putting his hand 
to hers. "You didn't do this on purpose. It's my fault that you were 
taken. I should've shot Amaterasu, but..." Daniel looked away from her, 
and then took a moment to look back at her. "I hesitated, and now look 
what's happened to you." 

"I guess it was mutual fault, huh..." Jade smirked slightly, and she 
turned her hand a bit, twining her fingers in Daniel's. "Doctor 
Jackson..." 

"Daniel." He corrected, and Jade smiled. 

"Daniel," She whispered, almost relieved. "I meant what I said about 
wishing I'd left you alone... I've done nothing but cause you trouble." 
Jade closed her eyes, and her expression lost its innocent humor. "And I 
know you don't want me to be around you... I'm an inconvenience - " 

"What?" Daniel chuckled, and he put a hand on her shoulder, Jade's eyes 
opening and meeting his. "Jade, I... I never said I didn't want you 
around. I have been *so* worried," Daniel squeezed her hand slightly 
more. "But I didn't want to let you know." Daniel looked up at the 
ceiling and took a deep breath, deciding to take a leap of faith, wanting 
to tell her what had been on his mind. "Everyone I have ever tried to 
befriend has been put in danger. I'm done seeing that happen. So," Daniel 
stood, and he felt his composure loosening, knowing that now that Jade 
was safe, he had to keep it that way. "Stay away from me, Jade. Go back 
to SG-11... you'll be better off that way." 

"Daniel..." Jade whispered, pleading, but she watched as he bit his lip, 
turning away from her and hunching his shoulders up slightly, forcing 
himself to walk away. Jade slowly let her breath go, and she closed her 
eyes, feeling tears begin to slid down her warm cheeks. "You don't have 
to do that..." 

<end>
